 Alphabet earnings, Q4 2025: CEO’s remarks Skip to main content Q4 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Innovation & AI Products & platforms Company news Feed Newsletter Back Innovation & AI See all in Innovation & AI Models & Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app Gemini Notebook See all Infrastructure & cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety & Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog Back Products & platforms See all in Products & platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning & Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads & Commerce blog Waze blog Back Company news See all in Company news Outreach & initiatives Creating opportunity Safety & security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Innovation & AI Innovation & AI See all in Innovation & AI Models & Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app Gemini Notebook See all Infrastructure & cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety & Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog Products & platforms Products & platforms See all in Products & platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning & Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads & Commerce blog Waze blog Company news Company news See all in Company news Outreach & initiatives Creating opportunity Safety & security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Feed Q4 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link [] Preferences Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) Malaysia (Melayu) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文) Links Images RSS feed x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Newsletter Breadcrumb Home Company News Inside Google A message from our CEO Q4 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Feb 04, 2026 | x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Sundar Pichai CEO of Google and Alphabet Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link In this article Introduction Full-stack approach to AI Search Google Cloud YouTube Waymo Editor’s Note : Our Q4 results show a tremendous quarter for Alphabet. On today’s 2025 Q4 earnings call , Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai highlighted how the launch of Gemini 3 was a major milestone and is driving real momentum and business results across the company. Alphabet annual revenues exceeded $400 billion for the first time. Below is a transcript of his remarks. It was a tremendous quarter for Alphabet. The launch of Gemini 3 was a major milestone and we have great momentum. Alphabet annual revenues exceeded $400 billion for the first time. This quarter: Search continued to accelerate with revenues growing 17%. YouTube’s annual revenues surpassed $60 billion across ads and subscriptions. Cloud significantly accelerated with revenues growing 48%, now on an annual run rate of over $70 billion. Backlog grew by 55% quarter over quarter to $240 billion, representing a wide breadth of customers, driven by demand for AI products. We have over 325 million paid subscriptions across consumer services, with strong adoption for Google One and YouTube Premium. In addition, we have sold more than eight million paid seats of Gemini Enterprise, which we launched just four months ago. And our Gemini App now has over 750 million monthly active users. We’re also seeing significantly higher engagement per user, especially since the launch of Gemini 3 in December. Overall, we’re seeing our AI investments and infrastructure drive revenue and growth across the board. To meet customer demand and capitalize on the growing opportunities ahead of us, our 2026 CapEx investments are anticipated to be in the range of $175 to $185 billion. Today, I’ll provide an update on our AI progress and then share highlights from Search, Cloud, YouTube and Waymo. Our full-stack approach to AI AI Infrastructure Our unrivaled infrastructure serves as the bedrock of our AI stack. We have the industry’s widest variety of compute options. That includes GPUs from our partner NVIDIA, who announced at CES that we’ll be among the first to offer their latest Vera Rubin GPU platform. Plus, our own TPUs that we’ve been developing for a decade. In December, we announced our intent to acquire Intersect, which provides data center and energy infrastructure solutions. As we scale, we’re getting dramatically more efficient: we were able to lower Gemini serving unit costs by 78% over 2025 through model optimizations, efficiency and utilization improvements. World-class AI research, including models and tooling We offer the most extensive model portfolio in the world and lead across Text, Vision and Image-to-Video LMArena leaderboards. Gemini 3 Pro drives the state of the art in reasoning and multimodal understanding. It has seen the fastest adoption of any model in our history. Since launch, Gemini 3 Pro has consistently processed three times as many daily tokens on average as 2.5 Pro. Our latest model powers Google Antigravity, our new development platform where agents can autonomously plan and execute complex software tasks. It already has more than 1.5 million weekly active users after launching just over two months ago. Our first party models, like Gemini, now process over 10 billion tokens per minute via direct API use by our customers, up from 7 billion last quarter. Bringing AI to our Products and platforms We’re shipping innovation at scale to bring helpful AI features to people everywhere. In January alone, we have: Launched Personal Intelligence in AI Mode in Search and the Gemini app; Introduced new AI features to Gmail and updated Veo; Reimagined Chrome as an AI-first, agentic browser through features like Chrome Auto Browse; Announced Project Genie, which lets users create and explore interactive worlds generated in real-time using Genie 3, our general purpose world model; And we laid the groundwork for shopping in the AI era by introducing a new open standard for agentic commerce, the Universal Commerce Protocol, built alongside many retail industry leaders. Finally, from Android to Pixel, we're getting our best AI capabilities into people's hands. At CES, a range of partners, including Samsung, showcased how they're bringing Gemini to more devices, from XR to the living room and beyond. And to confirm the rumors, we'll be introducing our Pixel 10a to our best-ever rated Pixel 10 series very soon. Search Search saw more usage in Q4 than ever before, as AI continues to drive an expansionary moment. We’ve executed with incredible speed. We shipped over 250 product launches within AI Mode and AI Overviews just last quarter. We’ve integrated Gemini 3 directly into AI Mode in Search. Now, Search can better understand your query, dive deeper on the web, and generate interactive UI experiences. And last week, we upgraded AI Overviews to Gemini 3, giving users a best-in-class AI response at the top of the search results page. We’ve also made the Search experience more cohesive, ensuring the transition from an AI Overview to a conversation in AI Mode is completely seamless. These new experiences are proving to be more helpful and are driving greater usage. A few highlights: First, once people start using these new experiences, they use them more. In the US, we saw daily AI Mode queries per user double since launch and AI Overviews continue to perform very well. Second, people are engaging in longer, more complex sessions. Queries in AI Mode are three-times longer than traditional searches. We are also seeing sessions become more conversational, with a significant portion of queries in AI Mode now leading to a follow-up question. Third, people are searching in new ways beyond text. Nearly one in six AI Mode queries are now non-text, using voice or images. And Circle to Search is now available on over 580 million Android devices. Google Cloud Our growth in revenue, operating margin and backlog highlights the strength of our entire portfolio: One, we are winning more new customers faster. We exited the year with double the new customer velocity compared to Q1. Two, we are also signing larger customer commitments. The number of deals in 2025 over a billion dollars surpassed the previous three years combined. And three, we continue to deepen our relationships with existing customers, who are outpacing their initial commitments by over 30%. Nearly 75% of Google Cloud customers have used our vertically optimized AI – from chips, to models, to AI platforms, and enterprise AI agents which offer superior performance, quality, security and cost-efficiency. These AI customers use 1.8 times as many products as those who do not, enabling us to diversify our product portfolio, deepen customer relationships and accelerate revenue growth. Our product line has multiple monetization levers, spanning infrastructure; platform; and high-margin, AI-powered products and services with fourteen product lines each exceeding one billion in annual revenue. We offer leading infrastructure for AI training and inference to our cloud customers, with the industry’s widest variety of compute options, from our own seventh-generation Ironwood TPU to the latest NVIDIA GPUs. Our ten-year track record in building our own accelerators, with expertise in chips, systems, networking and software translates to leading power and performance efficiency for large scale inference and training. Our Cloud AI accelerators serve the leading frontier AI labs; capital markets firms like Citadel Securities; enterprises like Mercedes Benz; and governments for high performance computing applications. We also offer our leading generative AI models, including Gemini, Imagen, Veo, Chirp and Lyria to Cloud customers. In December alone, nearly 350 customers each processed more than 100 billion tokens. In Q4, revenue from products built on our generative AI models grew nearly 400% year-over-year, significantly accelerating from the prior quarter. Today, more than 120 thousand enterprises use Gemini, including AI unicorns like Lovable and OpenEvidence, and global enterprises like Airbus and Honeywell. 95% of the top 20, and over 80% of the top 100 SaaS companies use Gemini including Salesforce and Shopify. Gemini is becoming the AI engine for the world's most successful software companies. Leading enterprises are also driving strong demand for our enterprise AI agents. We have sold more than 8 million paid seats of Gemini Enterprise, our enterprise AI platform, to more than 2,800 companies including BNY and Virgin Voyages, to streamline knowledge management and automate processes. Gemini Enterprise managed over 5 billion customer interactions in Q4 growing 65% year-over-year, for customers including Wendy’s, Kroger and Woolworths Group. Our integration of Gemini in Google Workspace is driving wins with global brands like Schwarz Group and public sector organizations like the US Department of Transportation. We are also seeing momentum with independent software vendors. Revenue from AI solutions built by our partners increased nearly 300% year-over-year, and commitments from our top 15 software partners grew more than 16X year-over-year. Before moving on, I’m pleased that we are collaborating with Apple as their preferred Cloud provider and to develop the next generation of Apple Foundation Models, based on Gemini technology. YouTube I want to highlight four points: First, streaming : In the living room, YouTube continues to be the number one streamer in the US for nearly three years, according to Nielsen. From the NFL to Coachella, YouTube is where people watch today's biggest popular culture moments unfold. Second, subscriptions: We continue to see strong subscription revenue growth across YouTube, particularly YouTube Music Premium. We’ll soon launch new YouTube TV Plans, bringing more choice and flexibility to subscribers with over 10 genre-specific packages. And the NFL has seen strong NFL Sunday Ticket subscriber growth with YouTube… with the highest paid subscriber number ever in the history of the product. Third, podcasts: To illustrate YouTube’s popularity, in October 2025, viewers watched over 700 million hours of podcasts on living room devices, up 75% from just a year prior. And fourth, AI is transforming the YouTube experience for both creators and viewers. On average, every day in December, over one million channels used our new AI creation tools to supercharge their creativity. During that same month, more than 20 million viewers used our new Ask tool, powered by Gemini, to learn more about the content they watched. Waymo This week, Waymo raised its largest investment round to date, and is well positioned to continue its momentum, with safety at the core. In December, we surpassed 20 million fully autonomous trips and are now providing more than 400 thousand rides every week. Waymo continues to expand its service territory. Its sixth market, Miami, launched two weeks ago, and Waymo will soon expand its service to multiple cities across the US, and in the UK and Japan. The team has made incredible progress on important capabilities, including opening up public service to airports and freeways. In closing, 2025 was a fantastic year for the company. A big thanks to our employees and partners worldwide. We’re really well positioned going into 2026. Posted in: A message from our CEO Alphabet Related stories Gemini App Waymo is bringing Gemini into its custom Ojai vehicles. A message from our CEO The next chapter of our AI momentum Today, Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai shared some changes with Google DeepMind teams. By Sundar Pichai & Demis Hassabis A message from our CEO Q2 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Read an edited transcript of Sundar Pichai’s remarks from the Q2 2026 Alphabet earnings call. By Sundar Pichai A message from our CEO Read Sundar Pichai’s 2026 commencement address at Stanford University By Sundar Pichai Alphabet Alphabet investor presentation: June 2026 A message from our CEO Q1 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Read Sundar Pichai’s remarks during the Alphabet earnings call for Q1 2026. By Sundar Pichai Privacy Terms Help More of Google Google Products About the Blog Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) Malaysia (Melayu) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文) 