 Alphabet earnings call Q2 2026: Sundar Pichai remarks Skip to main content Q2 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Innovation & AI Products & platforms Company news Feed Newsletter Back Innovation & AI See all in Innovation & AI Models & Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app Gemini Notebook See all Infrastructure & cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety & Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog Back Products & platforms See all in Products & platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning & Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads & Commerce blog Waze blog Back Company news See all in Company news Outreach & initiatives Creating opportunity Safety & security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Innovation & AI Innovation & AI See all in Innovation & AI Models & Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app Gemini Notebook See all Infrastructure & cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety & Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog Products & platforms Products & platforms See all in Products & platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning & Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads & Commerce blog Waze blog Company news Company news See all in Company news Outreach & initiatives Creating opportunity Safety & security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Feed Q2 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link [] Preferences Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) Malaysia (Melayu) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文) Links Images RSS feed x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Newsletter Breadcrumb Home Company News Inside Google A message from our CEO Q2 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Jul 22, 2026 | x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link On today’s Q2 2026 earnings call, Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai recapped an amazing quarter, with our AI investments redefining what’s possible across every part of our business. Below is an edited transcript of his remarks. Sundar Pichai CEO of Google and Alphabet Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link In this article Introduction AI progress Search Gemini app YouTube Google Cloud Other Bets We have exciting momentum. Alphabet revenue grew 24% year-over-year. Our AI investments are redefining what’s possible across every part of our business. Our momentum starts with Search, where people are adopting one seamless search experience across AI Overviews and AI Mode. We saw 17% revenue growth in Search and Other. And YouTube Ads grew 13%. Cloud revenue grew 82% , powered by strong demand for AI infrastructure and AI solutions. And Cloud backlog grew to $514 billion. It’s great to see the wide adoption of Gemini Enterprise, with nearly 90% of the Fortune 100 using it. Today, I’ll expand on our AI progress, our global product footprint led by Search and YouTube, Google Cloud’s leadership, and our long-term Bets. AI progress Yesterday we announced new models — Gemini 3.6 Flash and Gemini 3.5 Flash-Lite — which are cost effective and highly efficient. We’re seeing tons of demand for our workhorse Gemini Flash series, because it hits the sweet spot of performance and cost. We also launched Gemini 3.5 Flash Cyber , which I’m really excited about. Paired with our CodeMender agent, it finds and fixes vulnerabilities and delivers performance at the frontier, comparable to far bigger cyber models. Gemini 3.5 Pro is currently in testing. And our team is already building the next generation of models. We have started our most ambitious pre-training run yet, for Gemini 4, and are excited by the progress we are seeing at the frontier. Demand for our models is translating to strong token usage across developers and enterprise customers, and we continue to be supply constrained — a sign of momentum and rapid adoption. More than 9 million developers are building each month with our models across our APIs and key developer products. Our model APIs are now processing approximately 22 billion tokens per minute. That’s up from 16 billion just a quarter ago. Additionally this quarter, we launched Omni . It allows users to create anything from any input, starting with video. Since launching at I/O in May, there’s been a 40% increase in daily active users creating videos on the Gemini app. Our Gemma family of open models small enough to run on local devices are hugely popular — these models have been downloaded over nine hundred million times. And our latest Gemma 4 models have been downloaded over 300 million times since launching in April. Our agentic development platform Antigravity allows anyone to build in the agent-first era. It has more than 2.4 million weekly active users. Antigravity is a powerful tool for users and enterprises, and it’s completely accelerated how we build internally. As just one example, a team in Chrome is now on track to accelerate delivery by eight times, compressing a two-year timeline into three months through model-driven refactoring. Search Moving on to our global product footprint, which brings AI to more people than any other company. Starting with Search. AI continues to drive an expansionary moment, with new experiences resonating with users and driving growth in queries. As a big football fan, I was particularly excited to see Search usage hit an all-time high during the World Cup this year. This really highlights how much people turn to Google in moments that matter. We continue to make Search more helpful and intuitive. We recently brought together AI Overviews and AI Mode into one seamless Search experience that combines our frontier capabilities with the best of the web. And we’re continuing to incorporate more frontier capabilities into Search with agents, personal intelligence, and notebooks. Our AI-powered features are driving increased Search usage. Since expanding AI Mode globally last October, we’ve surpassed 1 billion monthly active users. And just like AI Overviews, AI Mode is driving an incremental increase in Search queries overall, and we’re now sending billions of clicks to websites every week through AI features in Search. As we serve more of these queries, we’ve continued to drive efficiencies. Thanks to our engineering and hardware optimizations, this quarter we reduced the cost of AI Mode responses to its lowest level since launch, even as we’ve brought more advanced AI capabilities. Gemini app Next, the Gemini app, which now has 950 million monthly active users, with daily active users tripling in the last year. Users love new agentic features like Daily Brief and our personalized agent, Gemini Spark , which is now available in the U.S. and internationally. We’ve been shipping helpful new features like this at an incredible clip. YouTube On to YouTube. Month after month, when a big event happens in the world, the world turns to YouTube. It’s been incredible to see that over 1.7 billion unique viewers globally watched World Cup-related videos on YouTube during the FIFA World Cup 2026 TM . We are also bringing the power of conversational AI directly into the YouTube experience. Ask YouTube uses our Gemini models to let people ask complex questions about individual videos, get quick takeaways, and jump straight to moments in those videos. The early engagement is encouraging. More than 140 million users engaged with Ask YouTube on the watch page in June 2026. And we're bringing that Ask experience to the wider search experience on YouTube. Cloud Next, Cloud. Our continued momentum is driven by our integrated AI portfolio consisting of chips, models, data, security, and agent platforms — all designed to work together. Gemini continues to be a key driver of growth, and is deeply integrated across all of our Cloud products including Gemini Enterprise, data analytics, cybersecurity, and Google Workspace. We are seeing strong, diversified demand across products, customers, geographies, and industries. Our product differentiation is driving expansion in three ways: We’re winning new customers , more than doubling our acquisition velocity year-over-year. We’re deepening our relationships with existing customers , who are expanding their usage and exceeding their commitments by more than 50% — also an acceleration over last quarter. We’re driving growth with partners , with transactions on Google Cloud Marketplace growing over seven times year-over-year. One of the strongest parts of our growth comes from the rapid adoption of our Gemini Enterprise platform. It is differentiated with easy-to-use tools to build agents and automate processes, connectivity to enterprise systems, cost management, and governance tools. In Q2, Agent Development Kit, our framework for building and deploying enterprise AI agents, reached nearly 70 million total downloads. As I said, nearly 90% of the Fortune 100 are using Gemini Enterprise. We have customers like PepsiCo for AI and analytics solutions, Intel to streamline core processes, HSBC for wealth management, Bell Canada for customer engagement, Macy’s for commerce experiences, and SIGNAL IDUNA for knowledge management. More broadly, Gemini is transforming how millions of businesses use AI to build custom agents, automate processes, improve cybersecurity, manage customer relationships, streamline data analytics, and more. All of this momentum is driving growth in our paid token usage. Nearly 500 Cloud customers have each processed more than 1 trillion tokens in the last year, and usage is so much deeper than that. Over the last 12 months, more than 2,000 enterprises consumed over 100 billion tokens. We are also seeing strong interest in our AI-powered security platform , which is differentiated because it integrates threat intelligence, cyber-response prioritization with Wiz, AI-automated scanning, code remediation, and monitoring. Today: 90% of the Fortune 100 are Google Cloud Security users; Nearly 90% of Wiz customers are using AI-powered security features; And we have seen a more than 45% quarter-over-quarter increase in the number of AI workloads scanned and protected by our security platform. Our security tools are being used to protect critical infrastructure, including financial services organizations such as Morgan Stanley; telecommunication providers such as Tell-us; healthcare organizations such as Texas Children's; software companies such as Atlassian; and several government agencies. And with our new Google AI Threat Defense , we’re really excited to bring our new cyber model and CodeMender to help our customers defend against AI threats. All of this is powered by our leading AI infrastructure. We offer the industry’s broadest range of accelerators from Google and NVIDIA, including the new NVIDIA Vera Rubin platform, and TPU 8t and 8i, which deliver strong price performance. On top of this, let me mention three unique offerings: Our Virgo Network , which is designed to meet the needs of modern, large scale AI workloads. It allows customers to connect a million AI accelerators across multiple data center sites into a unified supercomputer. Our software stack has native support for JAX, PyTorch, vLLM, and SGLang, enabling workload portability across GPUs and TPUs. Our new agent-optimized Axion CPU provides 30% better performance per dollar compared to peer offerings. We are seeing strong growth in demand for our AI infrastructure offerings from leading labs such as Ineffable Intelligence; next-generation AI builders including Kakao; financial services like Deutsche Börse Group; pharmaceutical companies such as Pfizer and Roche; and robotics and spatial intelligence companies such as World Labs. Other Bets We are continuing our strategy of investing in promising companies and internal efforts that bring pioneering AI research into the real world. We’ve seen exciting progress from our Other Bets: Waymo introduced its newest vehicle, Ojai , to public riders. This is the first vehicle powered by the sixth-generation Waymo Driver and will welcome more riders in the coming months. Wing has safely completed more than 1 million home deliveries, and we continue to grow our presence through partnerships with Walmart, DoorDash, and Papa Johns. In health and drug discovery, Isomorphic Labs raised over $2 billion to power its AI drug design engine, scale globally, and advance its drug candidate pipeline. It’s truly been an extraordinary first half of 2026, with much more to come. Thanks to all of our employees and partners worldwide for their incredible work this quarter. Get the latest news from Google in your inbox Sign up for our newsletters with product updates, event information, special offers, and more. Done. Just one step more. Check your inbox to confirm your subscription. You can also subscribe with a different email address . Your information will be used in accordance with Google's privacy policy. You may opt out at any time. Posted in: A message from our CEO Alphabet Related stories Gemini App Waymo is bringing Gemini into its custom Ojai vehicles. A message from our CEO The next chapter of our AI momentum Today, Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai shared some changes with Google DeepMind teams. By Sundar Pichai & Demis Hassabis A message from our CEO Read Sundar Pichai’s 2026 commencement address at Stanford University By Sundar Pichai Alphabet Alphabet investor presentation: June 2026 A message from our CEO Q1 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Read Sundar Pichai’s remarks during the Alphabet earnings call for Q1 2026. By Sundar Pichai Google Cloud Cloud Next ‘26: Momentum and innovation at Google scale By Sundar Pichai Privacy Terms Help More of Google Google Products About the Blog Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) Malaysia (Melayu) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文) 