 Poll: 1 in 3 Adults Are Turning to AI Chatbots for Health Information, Equaling the Share Who Use Social Media for Health | KFF Skip to main content The independent source for health policy research, polling, and news. The independent source for health policy research, polling, and news. Subscribe Follow Us Conference Centers Donate Search Search for: Topics Back Topics Affordable Care Act Elections Global Health Policy Health Costs Health Information and Trust HIV/AIDS Immigrant Health LGBTQ Medicaid Medicare Mental Health Patient and Consumer Protections Public Opinion Private Insurance Racial Equity and Health Policy State Health Policy and Data Uninsured Women's Health Policy FEATURED CONTENT Health Insurance Marketplace Calculator Peterson-KFF Health System Tracker Explore all Topics Policy Research Back Policy Research KFF’s policy research provides facts and analysis on a wide range of policy issues and public programs. Explore all Policy Research Polling Back Polling KFF designs, conducts and analyzes original public opinion and survey research on Americans’ attitudes, knowledge, and experiences with the health care system to help amplify the public’s voice in major national debates. View all Poll Findings Health News Back Health News KFF Health News is a national newsroom that produces in-depth journalism about health issues and is one of the organization’s core operating programs. Explore KFF Health News Data & Features Back Data & Features FROM THE CEO From Drew Altman Beyond the Data FEATURES Quick Insights The Monitor Health Policy 101 The Business of Health Podcast with Chip Kahn The Health Wonk Shop ACA Health Insurance Marketplace Calculator Employer Health Benefits Survey Medicaid Budget Survey POLLING KFF Health Tracking Poll Tracking the Public’s Views on the ACA Polling on Health Information and Trust Women's Health Survey FAQS Health Insurance Marketplace and the ACA Medicare Open Enrollment TRACKERS ACA Preventive Services Tracker Medicaid Waiver Tracker Medicaid Work Requirements Tracker Global Health Budget Tracker Global COVID-19 Tracker Peterson-KFF Health System Tracker DASHBOARDS Abortion in the U.S. Key Data on Health Care by Race and Ethnicity DATABASES State Health Facts Custom State Reports STATE FACT SHEETS Medicaid Fact Sheets Mental Health and Substance Use Fact Sheets State Health Care Snapshots STATE PROFILES State Profiles of Dual-Eligible Individuals State Profiles of Women’s Health View all Features For Media Back For Media Media Contacts Citations and Reprints News Releases Explore all Media Resources About Back About About Us Our People Our Work Board of Trustees Conference Centers Events Contact Us Join Our Team From CEO Drew Altman President's Message Our Standards & Practices Beyond the Data Columns View All About KFF Follow Us Subscribe Search Search for: Home Topics Health Information and Trust News Release Poll: 1 in 3 Adults Are Turning to AI Chatbots for Health Information, Equaling the Share Who Use Social Media for Health 1 in 5 Who Use AI for Health Cite Affordability and Access Concerns as Major Reasons, Including Larger Shares of Young and Lower Income People Published: Mar 25, 2026 Print Email Copy Link Add KFF on Google About a third (32%) of adults nationally say they have turned to artificial intelligence (AI) chatbots in the past year for health information, a new KFF Tracking Poll on Health Information and Trust finds. Most who turned to AI for health information say they were in search of quick and immediate advice, though challenges affording and accessing health care also play a role, particularly for younger adults. The share using AI for health advice includes about 3 in 10 (29%) who have sought information related to their physical health and about 1 in 6 (16%) who have sought information related to their mental health. People are about as likely to use AI as social media to find health information. As with AI use generally, younger adults are more likely than older adults to rely on AI for health information, particularly for mental health. For example, adults under age 30 are about three times as likely as adults ages 50 and older to use AI for mental health information (28% vs. 8%). Uninsured adults are also more likely than those with insurance to do so (30% vs. 14%), as are Black and Hispanic adults compared to White adults. When asked why they consulted AI for health information, about two-thirds (65%) of users say that a major reason was to get quick or immediate information or support. Substantial shares also cite wanting to look up information before deciding whether to see a provider (41%) or feeling more comfortable looking up information privately (36%). Challenges affording and accessing health care are also driving some to rely on AI, particularly for younger adults and those with lower incomes. About 1 in 5 say that not being able to afford the cost of seeing a health professional (19%) or not having a regular doctor or not being able to get an appointment (18%) was a major reason for turning to AI. Larger shares of young users (under age 30) cite barriers to affording (29%) or accessing (38%) health care as a major reason they relied on AI for health advice. Similarly, users with low incomes (less than $40,000 annually) are more likely to cite both health care costs (32%) and access (25%) as major factors for using AI. Many people who consult AI for health information say they did not follow up with a doctor or other health professional afterward, including most (58%) who asked about mental health, and 42% who asked about physical health. Younger adults are more likely than older adults to have used AI for health advice and then not followed up with a doctor. Many AI Users Upload Personal Health Information Despite Privacy Concerns Among those who use AI for health information, 41% say that they have uploaded personal medical information like test results or doctors’ notes into an AI tool or chatbot to get personalized explanations or advice related to their health. This means 13% of the public has uploaded personal medical information to an AI chatbot for this purpose. Among the public at large, about three-quarters (77%) say that they are concerned about the privacy of personal medical information provided to AI tools, including most (65%) of those who have shared personal medical information with AI. Designed and analyzed by public opinion researchers at KFF, this survey was conducted February 24-March 2, 2026, online and by telephone among a nationally representative sample of 1,343 U.S. adults in English and in Spanish. The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points for the full sample. For results based on other subgroups, the margin of sampling error may be higher. More On Health Information and Trust Artificial Intelligence Public Health Vaccines Contact Craig Palosky CraigP@kff.org Series Health Information and Trust Tracking Poll The Health Information and Trust Tracking Poll is part of KFF’s Health Information and Trust Initiative, which tracks health misinformation in the U.S, analyzes its impact on the American people, and mobilizes media to address the problem. More On Health Information and Trust Artificial Intelligence Public Health Vaccines View all Topics Policy Research Polling Health News About Us Conference Centers Join Our Team Contact Us Follow Us Sign up for emails Join our email list for regular updates based on your personal preferences. Sign up Privacy Policy Citations and Reprints © 2026 KFF 