1 
 
Title: The Use of Generative Search Engines for Knowledge Work and 
Complex Tasks 
Authors: Siddharth Suri1*†, Scott Counts1*†, Leijie Wang3‡, Chacha Chen4‡, Mengting Wan2, 
Tara Safavi1, Jennifer Neville1, Chirag Shah3§, Ryen W. White1, Reid Andersen2, Georg 
Buscher2, Sathish Manivannan2, Nagu Rangan2, Longqi Yang2 
Affiliations:  
1 Microsoft Research; Redmond, WA USA. 
2Microsoft Corporation; Redmond, WA USA. 
3University of Washington; Seattle, WA USA. 
4University of Chicago; Chicago, IL USA. 
*Corresponding authors. Email: {suri, counts}@microsoft.com  
†These authors contributed equally to this work. 
‡These authors were interns at Microsoft Research when this work was done. 
§This author was a visiting researcher at Microsoft Research when this work was done. 
 
Abstract: Until recently, search engines were the predominant method for people to access 
online information. The recent emergence of large language models (LLMs) has given machines 
new capabilities such as the ability to generate new digital artifacts like text, images, code etc., 
resulting in a new tool, a generative search engine, which combines the capabilities of LLMs 
with a traditional search engine. Through the empirical analysis of Bing Copilot (Bing Chat), one 
of the first publicly available generative search engines, we analyze the types and complexity of 
tasks that people use Bing Copilot for compared to Bing Search. Findings indicate that people 
use the generative search engine for more knowledge work tasks that are higher in cognitive 
complexity than were commonly done with a traditional search engine. 
 
One-Sentence Summary: People use generative search engines primarily for knowledge work 
tasks that are more complex than tasks done via a traditional search engine. 
  
2 
 
Main Text: Search engines are one of, if not, the predominant methods for accessing online 
information. The recent rise of large language models (LLMs) has given us a new kind of search 
engine, a generative search engine, that people can use not just to access information but to 
generate new digital artifacts such as information, text, and code as well as summaries, 
comparisons, and analyses of those artifacts. In fact, LLMs have made machines capable of 
doing a variety of tasks such as coding, mathematical reasoning, and image generation (1), that 
were previously difficult, if not impossible, for a machine to do on its own. Furthermore, the 
potential gains from this new technology are widespread as people around the world have access 
through openly available LLM powered AI systems such as ChatGPT, Bing Copilot (formerly 
Bing Chat), and Gemini (formerly Bard) among others. With any new technology, especially one 
as widespread and popular as LLMs, it is important to analyze how people are using it and what 
they are using it for. 
Thus, the overarching question this work seeks to address is how do people use generative search 
engines and how does that usage compare to traditional search engines? We will examine this 
question in the context of a generative search engine, Bing Copilot (2), which marries the new 
capabilities of LLMs with a traditional search engine which can retrieve information from the 
web. We will operationalize this broad question in two ways. First, to assess “the what” we will 
analyze the topical domains of Bing Copilot conversations compared to Bing Search (3) sessions. 
Second, regarding “the how” we will compare the complexity of the tasks people try to use Bing 
Copilot for with the tasks people use Bing Search for.  
Early research on LLM use indicates that humans can take advantage of their capabilities to 
improve task performance, especially among non-experts, in programming (4), writing (5), 
consulting (6), customer support (7), and general creativity (8). One thing these studies have in 
common is that each one is an experiment where an experimenter gave a participant a 
knowledge-work task in a professional context. Knowledge work is an important part of the 
economy, with representative sectors such the Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services 
sector employing approximately 10.5 million workers and accounting for over 2.6 trillion dollars 
of output in the United States alone in 2022 (9). In an arguably surprising turn, knowledge work 
has become the consensus frontrunner form of labor to see significant impact from AI (10) which 
even further motivates understanding how and for what people use LLMs in the wild. In this 
work we will examine how people use Bing Copilot, in the wild, for their own tasks. We will 
show that, in fact, knowledge work tasks which are more complex than tasks typically seen in 
traditional search engine usage are a primary use case for users of Bing Copilot. 
Results 
We created a dataset of 80000 randomly sampled, de-identified Bing Copilot conversations by 
selecting 10000 conversations at random for each of eight consecutive weeks (weeks starting 
May 28, 2023 to ending July 22, 2023), also ensuring that each conversation came from a unique 
user. Of the 80000 conversations we sampled, 112 conversations we unusable, mostly due to 
incoherent text, leaving 79888 conversations. Using a methodology described in the SM and (11) 
we used GPT-4 to create labels and domain definitions and classify each Bing Copilot 
conversation into one of 25 topical domains (plus ‘Other’). While we leave the details of this 
algorithm to the SM, we note that it is an unsupervised algorithm that generates the taxonomy of 
these data organically in a bottom-up fashion while avoiding biasing the output with our own 
assumptions as to what may or may not be in the data. Approximately 3.3% of conversations 
were labeled with nonconforming labels by our prompt-based classifiers by either this domain 
3 
 
classifier or during one of the later classifiers, leaving a final dataset of 77303 fully classified 
conversations shown in Figure 1 (top, left). Recently there have been a number of papers 
demonstrating LLMs ability in a variety of natural language processing tasks including 
classification (12,13,14), nonetheless we provide our own human validation for this specific data 
set and task in the SM. 
As a baseline comparison we ran the same domain taxonomy generation process on a 
comparable data set of Bing Search sessions sampled the same way over the same period 
(approximately 10000 randomly sampled search sessions from logged in users for each of eight 
weeks starting May 28, 2023). Nonconforming domain or other classification labels affected 
about 1.6% of sessions, leaving a final dataset of 78701 Bing Search sessions. When the 
consumer version of Bing Copilot was first launched, which is the version we study, it required 
users to be logged into their Microsoft accounts; thus, to make the data sets comparable, we 
required users to be logged into their Microsoft accounts for both the Bing Copilot and Bing 
Search data sets. In the top 10 most common Bing Search domains are social media, shopping, 
communication, entertainment and gaming (see Figure 1 top). Of those only gaming and 
entertainment exist in the top 10 of Bing Copilot domains. By contrast, in the top 10 most 
common domains of Bing Copilot are business and economics, translation and language 
learning, and biology and medicine (see Figure 1 bottom) which either do not exist in the Bing 
Search domains or exist outside of the top 10. Note, a common category in the Bing Search 
taxonomy is “Other”, since many search queries are just one word and lacking context, it is often 
difficult to infer the domain of the query thus such queries get labelled “Other”. 
To facilitate a more direct comparison between Bing Copilot and Bing Search usage we 
additionally categorized all the Bing Search sessions using the Bing Copilot taxonomy in Figure 
1 bottom. Among the top 16 Bing Copilot categories, making up 86.4% percent of total 
conversation sample, five categories have roughly comparable representation between Bing 
Copilot and Chat (Business and economics; Web development; History and culture; Education 
and learning; Food and drink), nine categories have between roughly 1.5 times and double the 
percentage in Bing Copilot compared to Bing Search (Translation and language learning; 
Creative Writing and editing; Biology and medicine; Programming and scripting; Academic 
Writing and editing; Small talk and chatbot; Engineering and design; Law and politics; Data 
analysis and visualization), and three categories have between roughly 1.5 times and double the 
percentage in Bing Search compared to Bing Copilot (Gaming and entertainment; Travel and 
tourism; Fashion and beauty).  
More specifically, many of the top domains for Bing Copilot, and the domains where there are 
more Bing Copilot conversations than Bing Search sessions, appear related to knowledge work. 
We define knowledge work (15) as work that concerns the creation, handling, and distribution of 
information and knowledge products, and that involved non-routine tasks and uses creative and 
analytical thinking in convergent and divergent ways (16, 17). To highlight this trend, we 
categorize each domain as knowledge work if it aligns with these four U.S. Bureau of Labor 
Statistics (BLS) employment sectors: Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services; 
Information; Finance and Insurance; and Educational Services (18) and color code Figure 1 
accordingly. Overall, 72.9% of Bing Copilot conversations are in knowledge work domains 
whereas only 37% of Bing Search sessions are in knowledge work domains.  
4 
 
 
 
Task Complexity 
 
Given that generative search engines enable users to understand, analyze, and create digital 
artifacts, do we see evidence of these behaviors in Bing Copilot? We analyzed the cognitive 
complexity of the main task that users were trying to accomplish using Bing Copilot and Bing 
Search at the conversation and search session levels. More specifically, we asked what would be 
Figure 1. Percent of topical domains from a random sample of approximately 80000 Bing Copilot chat conversations (top, left) 
and 80000 Bing Search sessions (top, right). To facilitate comparison between Bing Search and Bing Copilot, bottom shows the 
fraction of Bing Search sessions categorized using the Bing Copilot domains. 
5 
 
the cognitive complexity of those tasks be if a human were to complete them without the use of 
an AI?  
 
We used GPT-4 to classify the main task in each conversation and session according to 
Anderson and Krathwohl’s Taxonomy of learning domains which defines six categories from 
lowest complexity to highest: Remember, Understand, Apply, Analyze, Evaluate, and Create. 
We chose this taxonomy because it was designed to categorize the learning tasks for humans and 
to find the commonalities between them regardless of topical domain (e.g. math and art) which is 
important in our context as well. Furthermore, it has previously been used in the context of 
information retrieval and search engine usage showing that users of traditional search engines 
exhibit higher levels of activity such as more searching, clicking, and bookmarking, and also 
require longer completion times when performing more complex tasks (19, 20, 21, 22, 23). 
 
We faithfully implemented Anderson and Krathwohl’s Taxonomy into a classification prompt 
(see SM for the prompt and validation). Figure 2 shows the distribution of Bing Copilot 
conversations (n=79471) and Bing Search sessions (n=79104) across cognitive complexity 
categories. Only 13.4% of Bing Search sessions fall into the higher complexity categories of 
Apply, Analyze, Evaluate, or Create, whereas 37.0% of Bing Copilot conversations belong to 
those four complexity categories which marks a large qualitative shift in the use cases of the two 
systems. Thus, not only are people using Bing Copilot for more knowledge work, but they are 
also using them for more complex tasks. 
 
Given that people use Bing Copilot for more complex tasks, we next test if they are more 
satisfied when a more complex task is completed. To do this we created a prompt that rates the 
extent to which a user was satisfied with the conversation with Bing Copilot. Within a Bing 
Copilot conversation users can vote on a conversation with a thumbs up or thumbs down and we 
 
Figure 2. Percentage of tasks within each complexity category for Bing Copilot conversations and Bing Search Sessions. 

6 
 
validated our satisfaction prompt using these votes (see SM for details and (24) for validation). 
Scores on this satisfaction scale can range from -100 (maximally unsatisfied) to 100 (maximally 
satisfied), but in practice satisfaction for most Bing Copilot conversations falls between -10 and 
30. We also created a prompt which analyzes a conversation and determines if the user was able 
to complete their task, either fully or partially, or not (see SM for details). Dropping cases with 
nonconforming labels left 78420 conversations for this analysis. 
 
To test if users gain more satisfaction when they successfully complete more cognitively 
complex tasks, we used the following linear regression model which includes an interaction term 
between the level of cognitive complexity and task completion status. We recognize that 
conversation length, measured by the number of turns, can vary across cognitive complexity  
Table 1. Regression results where the dependent variable is user satisfaction. In general, the more complex the task the more 
satisfied the user whether it was partially or totally completed.  
categories and potentially influence users’ satisfaction. Therefore, we incorporated an interaction 
between the number of turns and task completion to control for that confounding effect. Finally, 
we add a bias term to account for variance in average satisfaction across different knowledge 
domains. Table 1 shows results, with coefficients representing gains in user satisfaction for 
increasing levels of cognitive complexity compared to a baseline of the lowest complexity level 
(Remember). In general, for both partial and fully completed tasks, user satisfaction increases 
more as the level of task complexity increases. For example, for partially completed tasks, user 
satisfaction increases over baseline by 2.9 for a partially completed Understand task, an increase 
𝑆𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑠𝑓𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 ← 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑙𝑒𝑥𝑖𝑡𝑦 ∗ 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 + 𝑇𝑢𝑟𝑛𝑁𝑢𝑚 ∗ 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑙𝑒𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 + 𝐾𝑛𝑜𝑤𝑙𝑒𝑑𝑔𝑒𝐷𝑜𝑚𝑎𝑖𝑛  
 
7 
 
of roughly 4.6 for partially completed Apply and Analyze tasks, an increase of 5.5 for an 
Evaluate task and an increase of 7.9 for a partially completed Create task. The same trend largely 
holds for fully completed tasks with the exception that Evaluate had a non-significant coefficient 
due to there being very few Evaluate tasks (as shown in Figure 2). 
Knowledge Work and Task Complexity 
Finally, we combine our analysis of knowledge work and task complexity at the 
conversation/session level to fully illustrate the qualitative shift in types of tasks being done in a 
generative search engine compared to a traditional one. Based on Figure 2, we binarized our task 
complexity rating as Remembering vs. not Remembering. Figure 3 shows that Bing Copilot 
conversations were more complex in nature, with roughly half of the domains containing 
majority complex conversations, whereas Bing Search had no domains that contained a majority 
complex sessions. Also, we rated each Bing Copilot conversation and Bing Search session for 
the degree to which the user task was knowledge work or not in nature. These ratings were done 
with GPT-4-based rating prompts, with human validation, (see SM) on Bing Search sessions and 
Bing Copilot conversations and were independent of one another and of the domain 
classification. Again, dropping cases with nonconforming labels from our LLM-based classifiers 
left 76541 Bing Copilot conversations and 78701 Bing Search sessions. Figure 3 largely 
confirms that the domains in Bing Copilot contain user tasks that skew more towards knowledge 
work. Prominent example domains include Data analysis and visualization (89% of 
conversations classified as knowledge work) Academic writing and editing (89%), and Web 
development (81%).  In contrast, Bing Search saw only a single domain (Science, 64% of 
sessions) where more than half of search sessions were classified as knowledge work, and 
common Bing Search domains such as Social Media (1%) and Shopping (4%) included very few 
sessions classified as knowledge work.   
 
Figure 3. Within each domain, the x-axis is the fraction of sessions/conversations that are classified as complex vs. not and 
the y-axis is the fraction of sessions/conversations that are knowledge work vs not. The coloration of each domain is based 
on if it a knowledge work domain determined by alignment with U.S. BLS employment sectors. Observe that Bing Copilot 
has many more common domains in the high knowledge and high complexity quadrant than Bing Search. 
 

8 
 
Overall Figure 3 shows that all but one (Science) of the Bing Search domains reside in the 
minority knowledge work and minority complex quadrant whereas most of the domains, 
including many of the most common domains, of the Bing Copilot conversations reside in the 
majority knowledge work and majority complex quadrant. Furthermore, if we apply the same 
coding based on the alignment with BLS employment sectors as in Figure 1, we see that many of 
the domains coded as knowledge work do have a majority of conversations/sessions classified as 
knowledge work thereby corroborating conversation level findings with the suggestive domain 
level findings. 
Discussion 
In summation, our work shows that people use generative search engines primarily for 
knowledge work tasks which are more complex than tasks commonly done with a traditional 
search engine. In addition, the more complex the task, the more satisfied the user was upon 
completing it. 
When people use a generative search engine, they are interacting with online information 
differently than when they use a traditional search engine. They are not simply looking 
information up but instead doing tasks that involve processing that information, for example by 
analyzing or evaluating it. Since people are using generative search engines, which are in part 
based on LLMs, for more complex tasks in domains that were either not done at all, or done far 
less commonly, using traditional search engines, there is evidence that LLMs are helping people 
do tasks that they had to do in a much more manual fashion previously. This suggests that the 
rise of LLMs has shifted the frontier of tasks that machines can do to include tasks that humans 
used to have to do, mostly on their own, and furthermore that people are successfully using those 
new capabilities to their advantage. That people are doing more complex tasks frequently in the 
context of knowledge work shows that this type of work is being disrupted by LLMs. 
More broadly, billions of people still use and will continue to use traditional search engines. 
Prior work has shown that the productivity gains from the information age did not achieve the 
growth rates that many expected and hoped for (25). While the use of generative search engines 
is still growing, should they achieve the widespread adoption of their traditional counterparts we 
could potentially see a societal-scale shift in how people access online information and how they 
get work done. For example, many of the productivity boosts seen in the experimental setting (4-
8) could translate to the societal scale.  
The effects of the disruption of knowledge by LLMs might not all be positive. This work 
contributes real world empirical evidence of that shift to recent estimates of the impact of AI on 
job types (26, 27). It is well known that automation has had a dramatic impact on the 
manufacturing sector in the United States (28) and it has been conjectured that knowledge work 
may be the next form of labor to be disrupted by AI. Our results indicate that knowledge work is 
already seeing a dramatic impact from LLMs. Further research is required to determine if LLMs 
are automating knowledge work, augmenting knowledge work, or if that is even the right 
framing of the question. 
9 
 
There are several limitations to this work. First, we have studied LLM usage for only two 
months, an early snapshot in time. Conversely, humanity has about 30 years of experience using 
traditional search engines. While it is important to understand the early trends, it is equally 
important to acknowledge they are early. We will need to see how trends evolve over time. 
Furthermore, advances in AI systems are occurring extremely rapidly. We will also need to 
monitor the effects of upcoming innovations. In general, we believe that understanding the 
effects of AI on society is one of the most important research questions facing humanity today so 
that we can try to nudge the impact of AI to be positive for as many people on the planet as 
possible.  
References and Notes 
1. S. Bubeck, V. Chandrasekaran, R. Eldan, J. Gehrke, E. Horvitz, E. Kamar, P. Lee, Y. T. Lee, 
Y. Li, S. Lundberg, H. Nori, H. Palangi, M. Tulio Ribeiro, Y. Zhang, Sparks of Artificial 
General Intelligence: Early experiments with GPT-4. arXiv:2303.12712 [cs.CL] (2023). 
2. Bing Copilot; https://copilot.microsoft.com/ 
3. Bing Search; https://www.bing.com/ 
4. S. Peng, E. Kalliamvakou, P. Cihon, M. Demirer, The Impact of AI on Developer 
Productivity: Evidence from GitHub Copilot. arXiv:2302.06590 [cs.SE] (2023). 
5. S. Noy, W. Zhang. Science 381, 187-192 (2023). 
6. F. Dell'Acqua, E. McFowland, E. R. Mollick, H. Lifshitz-Assaf, K. Kellogg, S. Rajendran, L. 
Krayer, F. Candelon, K. R. Lakhani, Navigating the Jagged Technological Frontier: Field 
Experimental Evidence of the Effects of AI on Knowledge Worker Productivity and Quality. 
Harvard Business School Technology & Operations Mgt. Unit Working Paper No. 24-013 
(2023). http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.4573321  
7. E. Brynjolfsson, D. Li, L. R. Raymond, Generative AI at Work. NBER Working Paper 31161 
(2023). https://doi.org/10.3386/w31161 
8. A. R. Doshi, O. Hauser, Generative AI enhances individual creativity but reduces the 
collective diversity of novel content. (2023). http://dx.doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.4535536 
9. U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Employment Projections Table 2.11. 
https://www.bls.gov/emp/tables/industry-employment-and-output.htm 
10. K. Ellingrud, S. Sanghvi, G. S. Dandona, A. Madgavkar, M. Chui, O. White, and P. Hasebe, 
Generative AI and the future of work in America. McKinsey Global Institute (2023). 
11. M. Wan, T. Safavi, S. Jauhar, Y. Kim, S.t Counts, J. Neville, S. Suri, C. Shah, R. W. White, 
L. Yang, R. Andersen, G. Buscher, D. Joshi, S. Manivannan, N. Rangan, “Text Mining at 
Scale with Large Language Models” in ACM SIGKDD International Conference on 
Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (Under Review, to appear on arXiv)  
12. T. B. Brown, B. Mann, N. Ryder, M. Subbiah, J. Kaplan, P. Dhariwal, ... & D. Amodei, 
Language models are few-shot learners. arXiv:2005.14165 [cs.CL] (2020). 
13. Z. Wang, Y. Pang, Y. L. Smith, Large Language Models Are Zero-Shot Text Classifiers. 
arXiv:2312.01044 [cs.CL] (2023)). 
14. J. Devlin, M-W. Chang, K. Lee, K. Toutanova, “BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional 
Transformers for Language Understanding” in Proceedings of the 2019 Conference of the 
10 
 
North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language 
Technologies, Volume 1 (Long and Short Papers), (2018) 4171-4186. 
15. P. Drucker, The Landmarks of Tomorrow. (Harper and Row, 1959). 
16. C. McKercher, V. Mosco, Eds. Knowledge Workers in the Information Society. (Lexington 
Books 2007).  
17. W. Reinhardt, B. Schmidt, P. Sloep, H. Drachsler, Knowledge worker roles and actions—
results of two empirical studies. Knowledge and Process Management, 18(3), 150-174. 
(2011). 
18. U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Industries by Supersector and NAICS Code, 
https://www.bls.gov/iag/tgs/iag_index_naics.htm 
19. J. Arguello, “Predicting Search Task Difficulty” in Proceedings of the 36th European 
Conference in Information Retrieval (ECIR'14), 2014. 
20. J. Arguello, W.-C. Wu, D. Kelly, A. Edwards. “Task Complexity, Vertical Display, and User 
Interaction in Aggregated Search” in Proceedings of the 35th Annnual International ACM 
SIGIR Conference on Research & Development on Information Retrieval (SIGIR'12), 2012. 
21. B. J. Jansen, D. Booth, D. Smith, Using the taxonomy of cognitive learning to model online 
searching. Information Processing & Management, 45, 643—663 (2009). 
22. W.-C. Wu, D. Kelly, A. Edwards, and J. Arguello, “Grannies, Tanning Beds, Tattoos and 
NASCAR: Evaluation of Search Tasks with Varying Levels of Cognitive Complexity” in 
Proceedings of the 4th Information Interaction in Context Symposium (IIiX'12), (2012). 
23. R. Capra, J. Arguello, A. Crescenzi, E. Vardell, “Differences in the Use of Search Assistance 
for Tasks of Varying Complexity” in Proceedings of the 38th Annnual International ACM 
SIGIR Conference on Research & Development on Information Retrieval (SIGIR'15), (2015). 
24. Y. Lin, J. Neville, J. W. Stokes, L. Yang, T. Safavi, M. Wan, S. Counts, S. Suri, S. K. Jauhar, 
R. Andersen, G. Buscher, X. Song, X. Xu, D. Gupta, S. Tiwary, B. Hecht, J. Teevan, 
“Interpretable User Satisfaction Estimation for Conversational Systems with Large Language 
Models” in Proceedings of the 62nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational 
Linguistics, (Under Review, to appear on arXiv) 
25. E. Brynjolfsson, D. Rock, C. Syverson, Artificial Intelligence and the Modern Productivity 
Paradox: A Clash of Expectations and Statistics (NBER Working Paper 24001, 2017) 
26. T. Eloundou, S. Manning, P. Mishkin, D. Rock, GPTs are GPTs: An Early Look at the Labor 
Market Impact Potential of Large Language Models. arXiv:2303.10130 [econ.GN] (2023). 
27. E. W. Felten, M. Raj, R. Seamans, How will Language Modelers like ChatGPT Affect 
Occupations and Industries?. arXiv:2303.01157 [econ.GN] (2023). 
28. D. Acemoglu, P. Restrepo, Robots and jobs: Evidence from US labor markets, Journal of 
Political Economy, 2020 
Acknowledgments: This work was approved by Microsoft’s IRB under record #10750. 
Author contributions:  
Conceptualization: SS, SC, LW, CC, RW, CS 
Data Curation: SS, SC, LW, CC 
11 
 
Methodology: SS, SC, LW, CC, MW, JN, TS 
Formal Analysis: SS, SC, LW, CC, TS 
Visualization: SS, SC 
Project administration: LY 
Resources: RA, GB, SM, NR, LY 
Supervision: SS, SC, LY 
Writing – original draft: SS, SC 
Writing – review & editing: SS, SC 
Competing interests: All of the authors except LW, CC, and CS are full time employees of 
Microsoft Corporation. This work was done while LW and CC were interns at Microsoft and 
CS was visiting Microsoft. 
Data and materials availability: Aggregated data to replicate the figures in this research 
will be made available upon publication. Raw, individual level data will not be made public 
to protect user privacy and due to legal restrictions. 
  
12 
 
Supplementary Materials for 
 
The Use of Generative Search Engines for Knowledge Work and Complex 
Tasks 
 
Siddharth Suri, Scott Counts, Leijie Wang, Chacha Chen, Mengting Wan, Tara Safavi, Jennifer 
Neville, Chirag Shah, Ryen W. White, Reid Andersen, Georg Buscher, Sathish Manivannan, 
Nagu Rangan, Longqi Yang 
Corresponding author: suri@microsoft.com, counts@microsoft.com 
 
 
The PDF file includes: 
 
Supplementary Text 
Tables S1 to S3 
Materials and Methods 
 
 
  
13 
 
 
Supplementary Text 
Domain Taxonomy Generation and Validation 
Our taxonomies of Bing Copilot conversations and Bing Search sessions were done using 
the following procedure. Since this is a general procedure we outline it here and provide our 
robustness checks and validation on our data sets. In addition, we refer the reader to (11) for 
more general validation and additional robustness checks.  
1. Randomly sample 2000 conversations/sessions from the first week of data 
2. Summarize each conversation/session using GPT-4 into descriptions of no more than 10 
words.  
3. Pass the summaries, in batches of 100, along with the current taxonomy, which is initially 
empty, into a prompt that develops a taxonomy of certain size, in our case 25, that 
encapsulates each batch. If the current taxonomy was insufficient to label a new batch of 
summaries, the model was instructed to create a new taxonomy that could label all 
summaries, including the new batch. 
4. Repeat step 3 for each batch. In our case that means 20 times (once for each batch of size 
100).  
For the exact prompts used for these steps see Prompt: Iterative Label Generation in this SM. In 
addition, these labels and definitions were used in a new prompt to categorize all Bing Copilot 
conversations in our primary dataset (see Prompt: Domains). 
Robustness 
Step 2 and the subsequent operation on short summaries of the conversations is required 
because operating on the raw summaries requires too many tokens for GPT-4 to analyze. 
Summarizing also reduces noise as it allows the taxonomy to focus on the main task in the 
conversation.  
To check the robustness of our domain generation algorithm we repeated it six times. Instead of 
sampling over the first eight weeks in step 1, we pulled three random samples from across the 
entire eight weeks. We used each of these three samples twice, randomizing the assignment of 
conversation summaries to the batches of 100 that were fed into the taxonomy creation prompt. 
Of the 16 most popular domains, making up 86.4% percent of total conversation sample, 
allowing for reasonable “soft matches” in domain labels to account for the non-deterministic 
nature of language models, 14 of the domains appeared in at least 4 of the 6 alternative 
taxonomies and sometimes in all 6. A soft match would include Engineering and Technology 
matching the Engineering and Design domain but would not include Mathematics and Statistics 
as a match for Data Analysis and Visualization. The two exceptions were Small Talk and chatbot 
(3.7% of conversations) and Data Analysis and Visualization (3.5% of conversations). Thus, we 
conclude that, at least for the most common domains, our taxonomy is robust. 
Validation 
Overall, we validated our Bing Search and Bing Copilot domain taxonomies by manually 
checking the accuracy of 250 Bing Search sessions and another 250 Bing Copilot conversations 
for a total of 500 manual checks of classifications of user input. 
To validate the LLM’s classification of our Bing Search domains we manually checked 250 
classifications for correctness. More specifically, we took a random sample of 10 search sessions 
14 
 
from each of the 24 of the 25 domains and manually checked that their classification was correct. 
For the “Other” domain we asked if each search session would have been more correctly 
classified by a different domain. We found that only 3 out of the 10 search sessions in Other 
would have been more correctly classified in a different domain. Search sessions not in English 
were translated to English using an online translator. When the topic of the search was unfamiliar 
to the rater, we manually performed the search using a different search engine. These domains 
are ordered from the most to least common. Note that all of the top 10 domains (excluding 
Other) had either 9/10 or 10/10 correctly labelled search sessions (See Table S1). With the 
exception of Translation and Other every domain had at least 8/10 correct. Translation had a low 
correctness because the LLM would often categorize queries in different languages as 
Translation queries even if the person searching did not indicate that they were looking for a 
translation of their query. We also note that the domains were very well separated, with the 
exception of Travel and Geography, as it was easy to confirm that each search session in a 
specific domain did not fit better in a different domain. 
  
15 
 
Table S1: Bing Search domain validation 
Bing Search Domain Num Correct Num Incorrect Knowledge Work? 
Other 7 3  
IT 10  Yes 
Education 9 1 Yes 
Social media 10  No 
Shopping 10  No 
Search 10  No 
Communication 10  No 
Entertainment 10  No 
Gaming 10  No 
Finance 9 1 Yes 
Travel 10  No 
Translation 3   7 No 
Geography 10  No 
Health 10  Yes 
Science 9 1 Yes 
News 8 2 No 
Document 8 2 Yes 
Sports 10  No 
Food 10  No 
Music 10  No 
Housing 8 2 No 
History 10  No 
Books 9 1 Yes 
Photo and Video 8 2 No 
Spirituality 9 1 No 
 
 
  
16 
 
To validate the LLM’s classification of our Bing Copilot domains we manually checked 
250 classifications for correctness. More specifically, we took a random sample of 10 Bing 
Copilot conversations from each of the 25 domains and manually checked that their 
classification was correct. We considered an answer to be wrong if it was better served by a 
different label or if the label given was not appropriate for the conversation. For the “Other” 
domain we asked if each Bing Copilot conversation would have been more correctly classified 
by a different domain. For 21 out of the 25 domains had at least 8 out of 10 classifications 
correct (See Table S2). Often, when a classification was deemed incorrect it maintained a 
commonality with the labeled domain. For example, one conversation incorrectly labelled 
Creative Writing the user asked for a photo realistic, high-resolution card for a baby. This is a 
creative task but not one involving much writing. Translation had a lower correctness because 
the LLM would often categorize short conversations, and therefore containing little context, in 
different languages as Translation queries even if the person did not indicate that the 
conversation was specifically about translating something. 
 
  
17 
 
Table S2: Bing Copilot domain validation 
Bing Copilot Domain Num Correct Num Incorrect Knowledge Work? 
Business and Economics 9 1 Yes 
Translation and Language Learning 6 4 Yes 
Web Development 8 2  Yes 
Creative Writing and Editing 8 2 Yes 
Gaming and Entertainment 8 2 No 
Biology and medicine 10  Yes 
Programming and scripting 8 2 Yes 
History and culture 10  No 
Travel and tourism 10  No 
Academic writing and editing 10  Yes 
Education and learning 10  Yes 
Smalltalk and Copilotbot 8 2 No 
Engineering and design 9 1 Yes 
Law and politics 10  Yes 
Data analysis and visualization 7 3 Yes 
Food and drink 9 1 No 
Physics and chemistry 10  Yes 
Mathematics and logic 10  Yes 
Fashion and beauty 7 3 No 
Marketing and sales 10  Yes 
Sports and fitness 10  No 
Accounting and finance 10  Yes 
Machine learning and AI 9 1 Yes 
Religion and philosophy 9 1 No 
Other 6 4  
Linguistics and language analysis 10  Yes 
 
 
  
18 
 
Knowledge Work Domain Coding Validation 
The domains used in this work were created bottom-up from Bing Copilot conversation 
text. Thus, we did not assume any a priori alignment with any existing taxonomies of work 
tasks. We validate our labeling of domains as knowledge work domains in two ways. First, we 
make a best effort alignment with North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 
codes used for industry classification by the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics. All 
domains considered knowledge work domains fall into one of four sectors that we consider 
reasonable proxies for k related work: Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services sector (2-
digit NAICS code 54), Information (51), Finance and Insurance (52), and Educational Services 
(61). 
The conversation level classifications shown in Figure 2 help validate the coding of 
domains into knowledge work versus not knowledge work. For Bing Copilot, only two domains 
(Creative Writing and Editing; Translation and Language Learning) coded as knowledge work 
contain less than 50% of conversations themselves classified directly as knowledge work, and 
both still contained more than a third of conversations classified as knowledge work. The 
remaining domains generally are well above a knowledge work conversation majority.  
 
Task Complexity Validation 
Our task complexity prompt is a faithful implementation of taxonomy Anderson and 
Krathwohl’s. To validate this prompt the first two authors manually classified a random sample 
of 100 Bing Copilot conversations according to the six elements of the taxonomy. To measure 
their agreement with the prompt output we used Cohen’s kappa with quadratic weights. Their 
average interrater reliability with the prompt output was 0.76 indicating high agreement. 
 
User Satisfaction and Task Completion Validation 
We refer the reader to (24) for extensive validation and robustness checks as to how we measure 
a user’s satisfaction with their Bing Copilot conversation. 
We validated our measure of task completion in two ways. First, we manually labelled 99 
random English Bing Copilot conversations as either not completed, partially completed or fully 
completed. We then looked at a binarized metric where we combined partially completed and 
fully completed, in this case the model agreed with our human generated categorization in 85 out 
of 99 conversations. In the ternary metric which separates not completed, partially completed or 
fully completed our model agreed with our human categorizations in 62 out of 99 conversations 
indicating that the majority of the discrepancies (23 out of 37) were due to the model not being 
able to differentiate between a partially vs fully completed task. 
 
Robustness of Satisfaction / Completion Regression Analysis 
 
A small percent (approximately 3.5% of the full dataset) or Bing Copilot conversations did not 
contain an AI response and instead contained only a single utterance from the user. This could be 
for various reasons, including the user closing the session prior to the AI response or the user 
manually stopping the AI response. These conversations were labeled ‘Not completed’, and 
19 
 
while such a classification is arguably accurate given the conversation log data available, we 
reran the regression of task complexity by task completion on user satisfaction after filtering out 
conversations with no AI response. The results, as shown in Table S3, remain substantively the 
same, with the same pattern of generally larger coefficients on increasing levels of task 
complexity, conditional on the user at least partially completing their task. 
  
20 
 
Table S3: Regression of task complexity by task completion on user satisfaction while excluding 
incomplete conversations. 
 
  

21 
 
Materials and Methods 
Prompts 
We provide here all prompts used for taxonomy generation and classification, all of which 
were run using GPT-4. We note that the generative nature of prompts means that the output 
(specified to be in XML format) is not always perfectly formatted. As indicated in the main text, 
we discarded any conversation that did not receive clean classification labels from all 
classifications as output from the prompts. This resulted in the elimination of 3.3% of Bing 
Copilot conversations and 1.6% of Bing Search sessions from the final datasets.  
We note that with the exception of the domains prompts, we provide the prompt for Bing 
Copilot only, as the equivalents for Bing Search were near verbatim similar, with only the 
minimum changes needed (e.g., replacing the words “conversation history” with “search session 
history”). 
Iterative Label Generation 
<|instruction|> 
# Context and data description: 
- Your primary goal is to review a given intent taxonomy and make adjustments if needed. 
- The given taxonomy is in the **yaml** format, where each entity in this taxonomy is a 
domain category. You can use this taxonomy to help you construct a new domain taxonomy. The 
schema of this domain taxonomy is as follows: 
   - **title**: the title of the domain category 
   - **description**: the description of the domain category 
   - **examples**: a list of examples in the domain category 
Here is an example of a taxonomy: 
 {insert example of a taxonomy here} 
# Your primary goal is to generate a taxonomy that can serve for the following use cases: 
- The primary use case of this taxonomy is to help understand user's topical domains in 
human-AI conversations. Entities in this taxonomy can be used to label **user topical 
domains** in human-AI conversations. 
# Here includes some criteria of a generic taxonomy: 
- **Accuracy**: The definitions, descriptions of classes, properties, and individuals in a 
taxonomy should be correct.  
- **Completeness**: All the data should be reliably classified using this taxonomy.  
- **Conciseness**: The taxonomy should not include any irrelevant elements with regards 
to the user topical domain in AI Copilot.  
- **Clarity**: The taxonomy should communicate the intended meaning of the defined 
terms. Definitions should be objective and independent of the context. 
- **Consistency**: The taxonomy does not include or allow for any contradictions.  
# Requirements of your output taxonomy: 
- Your output **topical domain** taxonomy should focus on the user's task objects. This is 
**different** from an **intent** taxonomy, which primarily describes the task actions. 
- Your output taxonomy should match the existing taxonomy and the data as closely as 
possible, without leaving out important topical domain categories or including unnecessary ones. 
Please make sure there is no overlap or contradiction among the topical domain categories in 
your output taxonomy. 
- Your output *title* of each category should be *no more than 5 words*. The title should 
be a concise and clear label for the topical domain category.  
22 
 
- Your output *description* of each category should be *no more than 30 words*. The 
description should explain the user's nature of the topical domain category and should 
differentiate it from other topical domain categories. 
- The number of examples for each topical domain category should be *no more than 3*. 
The examples should either come from the given taxonomy or the provided data with **exactly 
the same content**. Please do not invent new examples or topical domains that are not in the 
given taxonomy or the data. 
- **Size limit of the output taxonomy**: The total number of topical domain categories 
should be **no more than 50**. 
- Your output taxonomy and examples should be in *English* only. 
# You are asked to answer the following questions: 
- Q1. Please check the above general criteria and the specific taxonomy requirements one-
by-one. Does the provided taxonomy satisfy the above requirements, word limits and taxonomy 
size limit? Please answer "yes" or "no". If there is no given taxonomy, please answer "no". 
- Q2. Please explain your answer to Q1. If your answer to Q1 is "no", please also describe if 
you'd like to construct the taxonomy structure from scratch or you plan to make changes on the 
given taxonomy. Your answer to this question should be **within 100 words**. 
- Q3. If your answer to Q1 is "no", then generate a new domain taxonomy from the given 
data and the given existing taxonomy (if available). Your output taxonomy should be in the 
**table** format with the same schema. If your answer to Q1 is "yes", please answer "N/A". 
Please make sure the new taxonomy satisfies **all of the above requirements**. Please **do 
not** invent new examples or new topical domains that are not in the existing taxonomy or the 
provided data. 
 
# Tips: 
- If you're given an existing taxonomy, you can use the provided data to update this 
taxonomy. By incorporating the newly provided data, you can *add new categories*, *merge or 
generalize existing categories*, *split existing categories*, *reorganize the current tree 
structure*, *change titles and descriptions*, *swap examples* and do other operations if needed.  
- If the topical domain category structure of the given taxonomy cannot be easily adjusted, 
then please construct a new structure of these topical domain categories based on their 
descriptions and the provided examples. Please make sure your new taxonomy covers the 
semantics of the existing taxonomy as thoroughly as possible. Please **do not** invent new 
topical domains that are not in the existing taxonomy or the provided data. 
- You should carefully review the provided examples in each category and make sure they 
are correctly labeled. You can also reorganize the examples or create new categories from them 
when needed. You're allowed to have fewer than 3 for each category but your examples should 
only come from examples in **the given taxonomy or the provided data**. Please **do not** 
invent new examples that are not in the existing taxonomy or the provided data. 
- Please make sure your new taxonomy satisfies the **word limits** and **taxonomy size 
limit**. You're allowed to have fewer than 50 categories in your final output. If you couldn't fit 
your new taxonomy into the limits, please consider merging or abstracting some specific 
categories into more general categories. 
- Please make sure there is no overlaps or contradictions among the topical domain 
categories in your output taxonomy. 
 
# Please provide your answers in the following format: 
23 
 
Please provide your answers between the tags: <Q1>your answer to Q1</Q1>, <Q2>your 
answer to Q2</Q2> and <Q3>your final output taxonomy</Q3>. Please make sure your answers 
are within the word limits. 
<|end of instruction|> 
<|provided data|> 
{new data here} 
<|end of data|> 
 
<|existing taxonomy|> 
{insert taxonomy here} 
<|end of taxonomy|> 
<|end of prompt|> 
 
Domains– Bing Copilot 
<|Instruction|> 
You will be given a conversation history between a User and an AI agent. Your task is to 
label the topical domain of the conversation using one of the topical domain categories listed 
below.  
The categories and definitions of topical domains are: 
- Web development: The user's topical domain is related to creating, modifying or 
debugging websites or web applications using various languages, frameworks or tools. 
- Programming and scripting: The user's topical domain is related to creating, modifying or 
debugging computer programs or scripts using various languages, frameworks or tools. 
- Data analysis and visualization: The user's topical domain is related to collecting, 
analyzing, visualizing or presenting data using various methods, tools or software. 
- Machine learning and AI: The user's topical domain is related to applying or developing 
artificial intelligence or machine learning techniques or models using various methods, tools or 
software. 
- Engineering and design: The user's topical domain is related to the application of 
engineering principles or methods to various fields, such as civil, mechanical, electrical, 
chemical, etc., or to the design or creation of visual or auditory works. 
- Academic writing and editing: The user's topical domain is related to the creation, 
improvement or evaluation of texts for academic purposes or audiences, such as essays, articles, 
theses, etc., or to the citation, referencing or plagiarism issues of academic writing. 
- Creative writing and editing: The user's topical domain is related to the creation, 
improvement or evaluation of texts for creative or imaginative purposes or audiences, such as 
stories, poems, songs, etc., or to the genres, styles or themes of creative writing. 
- Translation and language learning: The user's topical domain is related to the translation of 
words, phrases or sentences in different languages, or to the learning or practice of languages or 
linguistic features, rules or systems. 
- Linguistics and language analysis: The user's topical domain is related to the study or 
analysis of the structure, function, evolution or diversity of languages or linguistic features, rules 
or systems. 
- Physics and chemistry: The user's topical domain is related to the study of the matter, 
energy, forces, reactions or interactions of the physical or chemical world, or to the concepts, 
theories or experiments of various branches of physics or chemistry. 
24 
 
- Biology and medicine: The user's topical domain is related to the study of the structure, 
function, evolution or diversity of living organisms, or to the diagnosis, treatment or prevention 
of diseases or disorders, or to the physical or mental well-being of humans or animals. 
- Mathematics and logic: The user's topical domain is related to the application or solution 
of mathematical or logical problems or puzzles, such as arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, 
etc., or to the concepts, theories or arguments of various branches of mathematics or logic. 
- Business and economics: The user's topical domain is related to the operation, strategy or 
analysis of an organization or an industry, or to the study of the production, distribution or 
consumption of goods or services, or to the market, trade or currency issues. 
- Accounting and finance: The user's topical domain is related to the recording, reporting or 
auditing of financial transactions or statements, or to the management, investment or valuation of 
money or assets, or to the financial products, services or regulations. 
- Marketing and sales: The user's topical domain is related to promoting or selling products 
or services, or to creating, evaluating or improving advertisements or marketing strategies or 
campaigns, or to persuading or influencing potential customers or clients. 
- Education and learning: The user's topical domain is related to learning, teaching or 
studying various subjects or skills, or to the methods, tools or resources for education or learning, 
or to the educational institutions, programs or policies. 
- Gaming and entertainment: The user's topical domain is related to the playing, designing 
or reviewing of video games or other interactive media, or to the enjoyment, amusement or 
diversion of oneself or others, such as movies, shows, books, jokes, etc. 
- Sports and fitness: The user's topical domain is related to the physical activities, exercises 
or games that involve skill, strength or endurance, or to the equipment, rules or strategies of 
sports or fitness, or to the sports teams, players or events. 
- History and culture: The user's topical domain is related to the past or present events, 
people, places, customs, beliefs, values or arts of a group of people or a region, or to the 
appreciation, criticism or creation of historical or cultural works. 
- Law and politics: The user's topical domain is related to the rules, regulations or principles 
that govern the conduct or relations of people or entities, or to the rights, responsibilities or 
remedies of legal subjects or cases, or to the opinions, issues or actions of political actors or 
institutions. 
- Religion and philosophy: The user's topical domain is related to the belief, worship or 
practice of a supernatural or divine power or entity, or to the personal or philosophical quest for 
meaning or purpose, or to the concepts, theories or arguments of various schools of thought. 
- Fashion and beauty: The user's topical domain is related to the style, appearance or 
attractiveness of clothing, accessories, cosmetics or hair, or to the trends, tips or advice of 
fashion or beauty, or to the fashion or beauty products, services or brands. 
- Food and drink: The user's topical domain is related to the preparation, storage or 
consumption of food or beverages, or to the recipes, ingredients, flavors or health benefits of 
food or beverages, or to the preferences, opinions or recommendations of food or beverages. 
- Travel and tourism: The user's topical domain is related to the movement, exploration or 
discovery of different places or cultures, or to the transportation, accommodation or activities of 
travelers, or to the travel guides, tips or advice. 
- Small talk and Copilotbot: The user's topical domain is related to the casual, friendly or 
polite conversation or interaction with the AI agent, or to the general questions or answers about 
the AI agent or various topics or domains. 
- Other: the user's topical domain does not fit into any of the above specified topical 
domains. 
25 
 
# INTENT OBJECTS 
An intent object is defined as the thing that the user is trying to find, analyze, create, or 
achieve. There are no predefined categories for intent objects. 
# TASK 
Q1. Classify the user's primary topical domain in the conversation. Your answer to this for 
each conversation should be a **single** domain. Your answers should be in the provided list of 
topical domain categories.  
Q2. Provide a brief explanation of your answer to Q3. 
Q3. Generate a description in 10 words or fewer of the user's main intent object in the 
conversation. Your answer to this for each conversation should be a **single** description in 10 
words or fewer.  
# ANSWER FORMAT 
Provide your answers in XML format between the tags <Q1>{your answer to the topical 
domain in Q1}</Q1>, <Q2>{your answer to Q2}</Q2>, <Q3>{your answer to the intent object 
in Q3}</Q3>.  
# TIPS 
- Provide all answers in **English**. 
- Some users may switch between languages during the conversation. The conversation is 
**not** necessarily Creation intent unless the user **explicitly asks the agent to translate a piece 
of text**.   
<|end of instruction|> 
 
<|Conversation between User and AI|> 
Conversation:  
{insert conversation here} 
<|end of Conversation|> 
<|end of prompt|> 
 
Domains – Bing Search 
<|Instruction|> 
# OVERVIEW 
You will be given search session queries and a topical domain taxonomy. Your task is to 
classify the search session based on the given topical domain taxonomy. 
# Your goal is to answer the following questions:  
Q1. Classify the user's topical domain in the search session. If **multiple** domains are 
detected, provide **the most prominent** domain. 
Q2. Provide a brief explanation of your answer to Q2. 
# Requirements of your output: 
# Provide your answers in xml format between the tags <Q1>{your answer to Q1}</Q1>, 
<Q2>{your answer to Q2}</Q2>. 
# Please make sure your answers are in **English** and in the above given xml format. 
 
## TOPICAL DOMAIN TAXONOMY 
|title|description|examples| 
|Search|Online tools for web search.|Bing AI; Baidu; Google| 
|Communication|Online tools for text, voice, or video communication.|WhatsApp Web; 
Gmail; Outlook| 
26 
 
|Social Media|Online platforms for social media and video content.|Facebook; YouTube; 
Instagram| 
|Translation|Online tools for text, speech, or image translation.|Google Translate; Baidu 
translation; Reverso| 
|News|Online platforms for news and current affairs.|Fox News; BBC news; @ hfxgov| 
|Music|Online tools for music streaming, downloading, or creation.|Spotify; SoundCloud; 
Music streaming quality| 
|Education|Online platforms for education and learning content, courses, or tools.|Geogebra; 
AI class; Online courses in Tamil language| 
|Science|Online platforms for science information, research, or education.|NASA; Microbial 
genome size data; MT7622 chip| 
|IT|Online or offline tools for IT-related queries, solutions, or products.|Windows 11 
troubleshooting; reset local password windows 10; How to transfer files to Android subsystem| 
|Document|Online or offline tools for document creation, editing, conversion, or 
sharing.|PDF compression; Hancom Docs; Ali cloud disk| 
|Shopping|Online or offline platforms for buying or selling goods or services.|Ebay; 
Amazon; Tractor parts from Kumar Bros USA| 
|Travel|Online or offline platforms for travel information, booking, navigation, or 
reviews.|Booking.com; Skyscanner; Ko Panyi, Thailand| 
|Health|Online or offline platforms for health information, advice, products, or 
services.|Skin anatomy; Osteoporosis; Health insurance in Maryland| 
|Gaming|Online or offline platforms for gaming information, streaming, downloading, or 
playing.|Minecraft Dungeons Arch-Illager; mod manager; Plants vs Zombies video game| 
|Photo and Video|Online or offline tools for photo and video information, editing, sharing, 
or products.|Video editing software for Android; Wildlife videos from Gold Harbour; Wallpapers 
of Jennie and Rose from Blackpink| 
|Entertainment|Online or offline platforms for entertainment information, streaming, 
downloading, or sharing.|Netflix; Hulu; Xu Kaicheng| 
|Dating|Online or offline platforms for dating information or services.|Online dating and 
video streaming; I want a boyfriend; Badoo| 
|Spirituality|Online or offline platforms for spirituality information, services, or 
products.|Buddhism and meditation; Astrology and horoscopes; Raef login support| 
|Books|Online or offline platforms for books information, reading, downloading, or 
sharing.|PDF books; Kindle; Romance novel about ex-convict wife| 
|Food|Online or offline platforms for food, recipes, or cooking information, services, or 
products.|Beet and arugula salad recipe; Green tea and fat burning; Rhubarb and strawberry pie| 
|Sports|Online or offline platforms for sports information, services, or products.|Baseball; 
Cribbage online; Beekeeping in Oulu| 
|Finance|Online or offline platforms for finance information, services, or products.|Wells 
Fargo login; Stock market color codes; ADP| 
|Housing|Online or offline platforms for housing information, services, or products.|House 
search; Mesa landforms; avra imperial hotel| 
|History|Online or offline platforms for history information, services, or products.|Sununu; 
Bievre river and its history; Xi Jinping's informationization and ideological implementation| 
|Geography|Online or offline platforms for geography information, services, or 
products.|Texel (Dutch island); Metro station and map of Czech Republic; Tschanüff Castle in 
Valsot, Switzerland| 
27 
 
|Other|The user's topical domain does not fit into any of the above specified topical 
domains.|| 
<|end of instruction|> 
 
<|search session|> 
Queries in this search session:  
{insert search sessions here} 
<|end of search session|> 
<|end of prompt|> 
 
Knowledge Work 
<|Instruction|> 
# OVERVIEW 
You will be given a conversation history between a User and an AI agent. Your task is to 
determine whether the user's task is related to knowledge work or not.  
-Knowlege work: Knowledge work concerns the creation, handling, and distribution of 
information and knowledge products. Knowledge work involves non-routine tasks and relies on 
the ability to think creatively and analytically in a way that combines convergent and divergent 
thinking. Examples include creating strategic business plans, designing software, and conducting 
scientific research.  
-Not knowledge work: The user's conversation is not related to knowledge work. In these 
cases, the conversation may be about manual work or may be related to non-work topics like 
entertainment, humor, or general topics like religion and politics. 
- Both: The user's conversation is related to a mix of knowledge work and not knowledge 
work. 
-None: The user's conversation is not at all related to knowledge work or not knowledge 
work or a mix of the two.  
 
# TASK 
Q1. Classify the whether the user is engaged in a task that is related to knowledge work or 
not. Your answer to this for each conversation should be a **single** category label. Your 
answer should be from one of four categories listed above: Knowledge work, Not knowledge 
work, Both, None. 
Q2. Provide a brief explanation of your answer to Q1.  
# ANSWER FORMAT 
Provide your answers in XML format between the tags <Q1>{your answer to Q1}</Q1>, 
<Q2>{your answer to Q2}</Q2>. 
 
# TIPS 
- Provide all answers in **English**. 
- Some users may switch between languages during the conversation.   
<|end of instruction|> 
 
<|Conversation between User and AI|> 
Conversation:  
{insert conversation here} 
<|end of Conversation|> 
<|end of prompt|> 
28 
 
 
 
Task Complexity 
# OVERVIEW 
You will be given a conversation history between a User and an AI agent. Your task is to 
answer questions about the complexity of the user's primary task. 
 
# TASK COMPLEXITY 
Task complexity is characterized by the level of cognitive processes and knowledge 
required to successfully complete a task by human beings. Specifically task complexity is 
defined using the following 6-type taxonomy of learning objectives: 
- Task complexity and learning objectives taxonomy type 1, Remember: These tasks 
involve retrieving, recalling, and recognizing relevant knowledge from long-term memory or 
from information archives such as search engines, webpages, wikis, or libraries. Often the user 
wants to find factual information or answers to specific questions. Recalling involves retrieving 
relevant knowledge from long-term memory. Recognizing involves retrieving relevant 
knowledge from long-term memory in order to compare it with presented information.  
- Task complexity and learning objectives taxonomy type 2, Understand: Understanding 
takes place when a person is building a connection between knowledge that is new to them and 
their prior knowledge. This can take many possible forms: 
 - Interpreting: Interpreting occurs when a person converts information from one form or 
representation to another, for example, from words to numbers or numbers to words, or words to 
an image, or an image to words. 
 - Exemplifying: Exemplifying occurs when someone gives a specific example or instance 
of a general concept or principle. 
 - Classifying: Classifying occurs when someone recognizes that something (e.g., a 
particular instance or example) belongs to a certain category 
 - Summarizing: Summarizing occurs when someone wants a short statement that 
represents presented information ar abstracts a general theme.  
 - Inferring: Inferring involves finding a pattem within a series of examples or instances. 
 - Comparing: Comparing involves detecting similarities and differences between two or 
more objects, events, ideas, problems, or situations. Comparing includes finding one-to-one 
correspondences between elements and patterns in one object, event, or idea and those in another 
object, event, or idea. 
 - Explaining: Explaining occurs when someone is able to construct and use a cause-and-
effect model of a system and use the model to determine how a change in one part of the system 
or one "link" in the chain affects a change in another part. 
- Task complexity and learning objectives taxonomy type 3, Apply: Applying involves 
using procedures to perform exercises or solve problems. Thist could take two forms. 
 - Executing: It could be that the user know the procedure to be done and is asking the AI 
to do it.  
 - Implementing: The suer does not know the procedre to be done but is asking the AI to 
do it.  
- Task complexity and learning objectives taxonomy type 4, Analyze: Analyze involves 
breaking material into its constituent parts and determining how the parts are related to one 
another and to an overall structure. This could take several forms: 
 - Differentiating: Differentiating involves distinguishing the parts of a whole structure in 
terms of their relevance or importance.  
29 
 
 - Organizing: Organizing involves identifying the elements of a communication or 
situation and recognizing how they fit together into a coherent structure. 
 - Attributing: Attributing occurs when someone is able to ascertain the point of view, 
biases, values, or intention underlying communications 
- Task complexity and learning objectives taxonomy type 5, Evaluate: Evaluate is defined 
as making judgments based on criteria and standards. This could take two forms: 
 - Checking: Checking involves testing for internal inconsistencies or fallacies in an 
operation or a product.  
 - Critiquing: Critiquing involves judging a product or operation based on extemally 
imposed criteria and standards. 
- Task complexity and learning objectives taxonomy type 6, Create: Create involves putting 
elements together to form a coherent or functional whole.  
- Other: If the task complexity and learning object could not be classified as any of the 
previous types, label it "Other". 
 
# Task: 
Q1. Classify the user's primary task in the conversation with the AI agent into one, and only 
one, of the six task complexity categories: Remember, Understand, Apply, Analyze, Evaluate, or 
Creating. ** Only ** provide the category name in your answer. 
Q2. Provide a brief explanation for your answer to Q1: why did you classify the user's 
conversation with the AI agent into the task complexity category that you selected? Your 
explanation should be no more than 20 words. 
 
# ANSWER FORMAT 
Provide your answers in XML format between the tags <Q1>{your answer to the 
Q1}</Q1><Q2>{your answer to the Q2}</Q2> 
 
<|conversation|> 
{insert conversation here} 
<|endofconversation|> 
<|endofprompt|> 
 
Task Completion 
<|Instruction|> 
# You will be given a conversation history between a User and an AI agent. You will be 
asked to answer questions related to the user task in this conversation.  
# You are asked to answer these questions in **English** 
## Q1. Please summarize the main user task and classify the main domain of this 
conversation. A user task should start with a verb. 
## Q2. Explain your answer to Q1 **within 30 words**. 
## Q3. Please classify if the user task is completed in this conversation with the assistance 
of the AI into the following categories:  
- Not completed 
- Partially completed 
- Appears to be completed: the task appears to be completed but lacks user confirmation 
- Explicitly completed: the task is fully completed and with user confirmation. 
## Q4. Explain your answer to Q3 **within 30 words**. 
30 
 
## Q5. Based on your answers to Q3 and Q4 and the conversation content, please provide a 
task completion rating score on a scale of 1 (Not completed) to 10 (Explicitly completed). 
## Q6. Explain your answer to Q5 **within 50 words**. 
# Provide your answers in xml format between the tags <Q1.MainTask>{your answer to the 
main user task in Q1}</Q1.MainTask>, <Q1.MainDomain>{your answer to the main task 
domain in Q1}</Q1.MainDomain>,  <Q2>{your answer to Q2}</Q2>,  <Q3>{your answer to 
Q3}</Q3>,  <Q4>{your answer to Q4}</Q4>,  <Q5>{your answer to the 1-10 task completion 
rating in Q5}</Q5>,  <Q6>{your answer to Q6}</Q6>. 
# Please make sure your answers are in **English** and in the above given xml format. 
<|end of instruction|> 
<|Conversation between User and AI|> 
Conversation:  
{insert conversation here} 
<|end of Conversation|> 
<|end of prompt|> 
 
User Satisfaction 
# Your task is to evaluate both user satisfaction and dissatifaction with a conversational AI 
agent by applying the given rubrics to the given conversation history between the user and the 
agent. 
 
# Rubric instructions 
- Each rubric contains 10 criteria. 
- Each criterion has a Yes or No statement. 
- Your job is to go through the conversation history carefully and answer Y to each 
statement that applies to the conversation, then give the statement a score of 1-10 to reflect how 
likely the expressed sentiment will impact the user's overall satisfaction/dissatifaction with the 
interaction. If the statement is not applicable answer N and give an overall score of 0. 
- The rubric is formatted in a table format with 10 rows and two columns: Index|Y/N 
Question 
 
# SATISFACTION RUBRIC 
1|The user thanks or compliments the AI agent for its responses. 
2|The user continues to ask follow-up questions on the same or different topics. 
3|The user does not express any confusion, frustration, or dissatisfaction with the AI agent's 
answers. 
4|The user learns something new or useful by indicating curiosity and satisfaction with the 
information provided. 
5|The user follows the AI agent's suggestions or instructions when applicable. 
6|The user uses positive feedback words (e.g., excellent, amazing) or emojis, indicating 
enthusiasm and enjoyment of the conversation. 
7|The user shares personal details or opinions with the AI agent when appropriate. 
8|The user jokes with or challenges the AI agent in a friendly manner when suitable. 
9|The user acknowledges or confirms that they understood or agreed with the AI agent's 
explanations when relevant. 
10|The user ends the conversation on a positive note without asking for more information or 
assistance. 
 
31 
 
# DISSATISFACTION RUBRIC 
1|The user explicitly expresses dissatisfaction, frustration, annoyance, or anger with the AI 
agent's response or behavior. 
2|The user repeatedly asks the same or similar questions or requests. 
3|The user corrects the AI agent's mistakes or inaccuracies in its information or output. 
4|The user changes the topic abruptly without acknowledging or following up on the 
previous one(s). 
5|The user does not respond to the AI agent's questions, suggestions, feedback requests, etc. 
6|The user has unrealistic expectations of what the AI agent can do and does not accept its 
limitations or alternatives. 
7|The user implies that their query was ignored completely or that the response did not 
address their intent/goal at all. 
8|The user perceives a decline in quality of service compared to previous experience with 
other agents/tools, etc. 
9|The user wants more specific/useful information than what is provided by the AI agent.  
10|The user feels that there is a mismatch between their preferred style and what is provided 
by the AI agent. 
 
# Task: 
- Go through the conversation history thoroughly 
- For each rubric question think about your answer to each question carefully. 
- Answer Y or N only to each rubric question. 
- For Y answer, score your answer on a scale of 1-10 (low to high) to reflect how likely the 
expressed sentiment will impact the user's overall satisfaction/dissatisfaction with the interaction. 
For N answer, score 0. 
- Only provide ONE most confident answer to each question. 
- You *MUST* output your answers to all 10 questions provided in each rubric. 
 
# Conversation: 
<insert conversation here> 
 
# Task: 
- Go through the conversation history thoroughly 
- For each rubric question think about your answer to each question carefully. 
- Answer Y or N only to each rubric question. 
- For Y answer, score your answer on a scale of 1-10 (low to high) to reflect how likely the 
expressed sentiment will impact the user's overall satisfaction/dissatisfaction with the interaction. 
For N answer, score 0. 
-  Only provide ONE most confident answer to each question. 
-  You *MUST* output your answers to all 10 questions provided in each rubric. 
- Generate a table within <RESULTS></RESULTS> tags that summarizes your answers 
and scores to *ALL* 20 questions (10 questions in each rubric), using a Markdown table 
structure with rubric questions as the header (satisfaction rubric comes first, followed by 
dissatisfaction rubric). 
- For each rubric question, output your answers and scores using the format "Y/N-SCORE". 
 
# Answers 
 
32 
 
<RESULTS> 
| The user thanks or compliments the AI agent for its responses.|The user continues to ask 
follow-up questions on the same or different topics. | The user does not express any confusion, 
frustration, or dissatisfaction with the AI agent's answers. | The user learns something new or 
useful by indicating curiosity and satisfaction with the information provided. | The user follows 
the AI agent's suggestions or instructions when applicable. | The user uses positive feedback 
words (e.g., excellent, amazing) or emojis, indicating enthusiasm and enjoyment of the 
conversation. | The user shares personal details or opinions with the AI agent when 
appropriate.|The user jokes with or challenges the AI agent in a friendly manner when suitable. | 
The user acknowledges or confirms that they understood or agreed with the AI agent's 
explanations when relevant. | The user ends the conversation on a positive note without asking 
for more information or assistance. | The user explicitly expresses dissatisfaction, frustration, 
annoyance, or anger with the AI agent's response or behavior. | The user repeatedly asks the 
same or similar questions or requests.|The user corrects the AI agent's mistakes or inaccuracies in 
its information or output. | The user changes the topic abruptly without acknowledging or 
following up on the previous one(s). | The user does not respond to the AI agent's questions, 
suggestions, feedback requests, etc. | The user has unrealistic expectations of what the AI agent 
can do and does not accept its limitations or alternatives. | The user implies that their query was 
ignored completely or that the response did not address their intent/goal at all. | The user 
perceives a decline in quality of service compared to previous experience with other agents/tools, 
etc. | The user wants more specific/useful information than what is provided by the AI agent. 
|The user feels that there is a mismatch between their preferred style and what is provided by the 
AI agent. | 
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---| 
 
 