 Share of teens using ChatGPT for schoolwork doubled from 2023 to 2024 | Pew Research Center Numbers, Facts and Trends Shaping Your World Newsletters Press My Account Donate Contacted By Us? Read our research on: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Search Research Topics Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Full Topic List Regions & Countries Asia & the Pacific Europe & Russia Latin America Middle East & North Africa North America Sub-Saharan Africa Multiple Regions / Worldwide Formats Feature Fact Sheet Video Data Essay Publications Our Methods Short Reads Tools & Datasets Experts About Us Research Topics Publications Short Reads Tools & Datasets About Pew Research Center Newsletters Press My Account Contacted By Us? Search Read Our Research On: Economy & Work Middle East Donald Trump Home > Research Topics > Internet & Technology > Emerging Technology > Artificial Intelligence Short Reads | January 15, 2025 About a quarter of U.S. teens have used ChatGPT for schoolwork – double the share in 2023 X Facebook Threads LinkedIn WhatsApp Mail Print Add Us On Google By Olivia Sidoti , Eugenie Park and Jeffrey Gottfried As debates continue over whether chatbots should have a role in the classroom , more teens are turning to ChatGPT to help with schoolwork. How we did this Pew Research Center conducted this analysis to understand American teens’ use and understanding of ChatGPT in a school setting. We surveyed 1,391 U.S. teens from Sept. 18 to Oct. 10, 2024, through Ipsos. Ipsos recruited the teens via their parents, who were part of its KnowledgePanel . The KnowledgePanel is a probability-based web panel recruited primarily through national, random sampling of residential addresses. The survey was weighted to be representative of U.S. teens ages 13 to 17 who live with their parents by age, gender, race and ethnicity, household income, and other categories. Here are the questions used for this analysis , along with responses, and its methodology . This research was reviewed and approved by an external institutional review board (IRB), Advarra, an independent committee of experts specializing in helping to protect the rights of research participants. The share of teens who say they use ChatGPT for their schoolwork has risen to 26%, according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. teens ages 13 to 17. That’s up from 13% in 2023. Still, most teens (73%) have not used the chatbot in this way. Teens’ use of ChatGPT for schoolwork increased across demographic groups. But certain groups stand out for using the chatbot in this way: By race and ethnicity Black and Hispanic teens (31% each) are more likely than White teens (22%) to say they have used ChatGPT for their schoolwork. But this wasn’t the case as recently as last year. In 2023, similar shares of White (11%), Black (13%) and Hispanic teens (11%) said they used the chatbot for schoolwork. (There were not enough Asian teens in the sample to be broken out into a separate analysis.) By grade level Teens in 11th and 12th grade (31%) are more likely than seventh and eighth graders (20%) to say they use ChatGPT for their schoolwork. About a quarter of ninth and 10th graders say this, which is not significantly different from the other two groups. Teens’ use of ChatGPT for schoolwork does not vary by gender or household income. When do teens think it’s OK for students to use ChatGPT? Teens show far more support for using ChatGPT for certain school tasks than for others. Just over half of teens say it’s acceptable to use ChatGPT to research new topics (54%). Only 9% say it is not acceptable to use it for this. Far fewer support using the chatbot to do math or write essays: 29% of teens say it’s acceptable to use ChatGPT to solve math problems, while 28% say it’s not acceptable. 18% say it’s acceptable to use ChatGPT to write essays, and 42% say it’s not acceptable. Another 15% to 21% of teens are unsure whether it’s acceptable to use ChatGPT for these tasks. How familiar are teens with ChatGPT? Teens’ awareness of ChatGPT has grown. Overall, 79% of teens say they have heard of this chatbot, up from 67% in 2023. They have also become more familiar with ChatGPT. The share who say they have heard a lot about it has risen from 23% in 2023 to 32% today. Teens who are most familiar with ChatGPT are more likely to use it for their schoolwork. Some 56% of teens who say they’ve heard a lot about it report using it for schoolwork. This share drops to 18% among those who’ve only heard a little about it. Teens who are most familiar with the chatbot are also more likely to say using it for schoolwork is OK. For instance, 79% of those who have heard a lot about ChatGPT say it’s acceptable to use for researching new topics. This compares with 61% of those who have heard only a little about it. While most teens have heard about ChatGPT, awareness varies across groups: By race and ethnicity White teens (83%) are more likely than Black (73%) and Hispanic teens (74%) to say they’ve heard a lot or a little about ChatGPT. By household income Teens from households with higher annual incomes are most likely to say they’ve heard about ChatGPT. The shares who say this include: 84% of teens in households with incomes of $75,000 or more say they’ve heard at least a little about ChatGPT. 69% of those in households with incomes between $30,000 and $75,000 say they’ve heard of it. 67% of those in households with incomes below $30,000 say the same. That said, teens in the lowest-income households grew the most in their awareness of ChatGPT over the past year. While 41% said they had heard of the chatbot in 2023, 67% say so now – an increase of 26 percentage points. By comparison, awareness of ChatGPT increased by 11 points among teens in households with incomes between $30,000 and $75,000 and 9 points among teens in households with incomes of $75,000 or more. Note: Here are the questions used for this analysis , along with responses, and its methodology . Topics Artificial Intelligence Children & Tech Education & Learning Online K-12 Teens & Tech Share This Link: X Facebook Threads LinkedIn WhatsApp Olivia Sidoti is a research analyst focusing on internet and technology research at Pew Research Center . Eugenie Park is a research assistant at Pew Research Center . Jeffrey Gottfried is an associate director focusing on internet and technology research at Pew Research Center . Related short reads Nov 6, 2025 Republicans, Democrats now equally concerned about AI in daily life, but views on regulation differ report Oct 15, 2025 How People Around the World View AI short reads Oct 6, 2025 About 1 in 5 U.S. workers now use AI in their job, up since last year short reads Oct 1, 2025 Relatively few Americans are getting news from AI chatbots like ChatGPT short reads Oct 1, 2025 Americans have mixed feelings about AI summaries in search results Topics Artificial Intelligence Children & Tech Education & Learning Online K-12 Teens & Tech Most Popular 1 Striking findings from 2025 2 What the data says about gun deaths in the U.S. 3 How parents are raising their children, religiously 4 Americans’ Social Media Use 2025 5 What we know about energy use at U.S. data centers amid the AI boom 901 E St. NW, Suite 300 Washington, DC 20004 USA (+1) 202-419-4300 | Main (+1) 202-857-8562 | Fax (+1) 202-419-4372 | Media Inquiries Research Topics Politics & Policy International Affairs Immigration & Migration Race & Ethnicity Religion Age & Generations Gender & LGBTQ Family & Relationships Economy & Work Science Internet & Technology News Habits & Media Methodological Research Follow Us Email Newsletters YouTube Instagram Facebook LinkedIn X Bluesky Threads RSS Feed ABOUT PEW RESEARCH CENTER Pew Research Center is a nonpartisan, nonadvocacy fact tank that informs the public about the issues, attitudes and trends shaping the world. It does not take policy positions. The Center conducts public opinion polling, demographic research, computational social science research and other data-driven research. Pew Research Center is a subsidiary of The Pew Charitable Trusts , its primary funder. © 2026 Pew Research Center About Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Careers Contact Us Privacy Notice We use cookies and other technologies to help improve your experience; some are necssary for the site to work, and some are optional. Lean more in our privacy policy . Essential Cookies These cookies are required for the website to function and cannot be switched off. Analytics Cookies These cookies are used to collect information about how you use our website. Marketing Cookies These cookies are used to track your activity and show you personalized content. Preferences These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make. Accept All Cookies Accept only necessary cookies Cookie Settings Save Preferences 