 Alphabet earnings, Q3 2025: CEO’s remarks Skip to main content Q3 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Innovation & AI Products & platforms Company news Feed Newsletter Back Innovation & AI See all in Innovation & AI Models & Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app Gemini Notebook See all Infrastructure & cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety & Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog Back Products & platforms See all in Products & platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning & Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads & Commerce blog Waze blog Back Company news See all in Company news Outreach & initiatives Creating opportunity Safety & security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Innovation & AI Innovation & AI See all in Innovation & AI Models & Research Google DeepMind Google Research Google Labs Gemini models Quantum computing See all Products Developer tools Gemini app Gemini Notebook See all Infrastructure & cloud Global network Google Cloud See all Technology Safety & Security Health See all Learn more: Google DeepMind blog Google Research blog Google Developers blog Google Cloud blog Products & platforms Products & platforms See all in Products & platforms Products Search Maps Chrome Google Health Google Workspace Learning & Education Shopping See all Platforms Android Google Play Wear OS See all Devices Pixel Google Nest Fitbit Chromebooks See all Learn more: Google Ads & Commerce blog Waze blog Company news Company news See all in Company news Outreach & initiatives Creating opportunity Safety & security Google.org Public policy Sustainability Health See all Leadership Sundar Pichai, CEO More authors See all Inside Google Around the globe Life at Google See all Learn more: Google Security blog Feed Q3 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link [] Preferences Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) Malaysia (Melayu) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文) Links Images RSS feed x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Newsletter Breadcrumb Home Company News Inside Google A message from our CEO Q3 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Oct 29, 2025 | x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link Sundar Pichai CEO of Google and Alphabet Share x.com Facebook LinkedIn Mail Copy link In this article Introduction Full-stack approach to AI Search Google Cloud YouTube Waymo Editor’s Note : Our Q3 results show record growth. On today’s 2025 Q3 earnings call , Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai highlighted how AI is driving real business results across the company. We delivered our first-ever $100 billion quarter. Below is a transcript of his remarks. This was a terrific quarter for Alphabet, driven by double-digit growth across every major part of our business. We’re seeing AI now driving real business results across the company. We delivered our first-ever $100 billion quarter. Five years ago our quarterly revenue was at $50 billion. Our revenue number has doubled since then, and we’re firmly in the generative AI era. In parallel, we’ve built for the long term and diversified, with successful businesses in Cloud, YouTube and subscriptions. Our momentum is strong and we’re shipping at speed. As just a few examples: Our first-party models, like Gemini, now process 7 billion tokens per minute, via direct API use by our customers. The Gemini app now has over 650 million monthly active users, and queries increased by 3x from Q2. Cloud had another great quarter of accelerating growth with AI revenue as a key driver. Cloud backlog grew 46% quarter over quarter $155 billion. And we crossed 300 million paid subscriptions, led by growth in Google One and YouTube Premium. Today, I’ll discuss progress in our full-stack approach to AI and then share highlights from Search, Cloud, YouTube and Waymo. Our full-stack approach to AI As a reminder, our full-stack approach spans AI infrastructure, world-class research including models and tooling, and our products and platforms that bring AI to people everywhere. AI infrastructure Our extensive and reliable infrastructure, which powers all of Google’s products, is the foundation of our stack and a key differentiator. We’re scaling the most advanced chips in our data centers, including GPUs from our partner NVIDIA as well as our own purpose-built TPUs, and we’re the only company providing a wide range of both. As we announced yesterday at NVIDIA GTC, we are now shipping the new A4X Max instances powered by NVIDIA GB300 to our Cloud customers. Our highly sought-after TPU portfolio is led by our seventh-generation TPU, Ironwood, which will be generally available soon. We’re investing in TPU capacity to meet the tremendous demand we’re seeing from customers and partners, and we’re excited that Anthropic recently shared plans to access up to 1 million TPUs. World-class AI research Our models are world-leading. Gemini 2.5 Pro, Veo, Genie 3 and our viral sensation, Nano Banana, are among the very best in class. Over 230 million videos have been generated with Veo 3, and more than 13 million developers have built with our generative models. We’re looking forward to the release of Gemini 3 later this year. Our research leadership is advancing next-frontier technologies. Last week, we announced that our Willow quantum chip achieved a major breakthrough — running an algorithm 13,000 times faster than one of the world's best supercomputers. And the result is verifiable, paving the way to future practical applications. Speaking of quantum, let me congratulate Michel Devoret, our chief scientist for quantum hardware. He received a Nobel in Physics for early research he did in the 1980s. Three Nobels awarded to current Googlers in two years — incredible! Products and platforms We’re bringing AI to more people and developers than anyone else. In July, we announced that we processed 980 trillion monthly tokens across all our surfaces. We are now processing over 1.3 quadrillion monthly tokens, more than 20x growth in a year. Phenomenal. This quarter we took big steps to reimagine Chrome as a browser powered by AI through deep integrations with Gemini and AI Mode in Search, with more agentic capabilities coming soon. In August, at Made by Google, we unveiled our Pixel 10 series of devices. They’re the first with our most powerful chip designed to run on Gemini, Tensor G5. They’re our best-reviewed devices ever. And last week we launched Android XR, our new operating system, with Samsung's Galaxy XR device. It brings new ways to use headsets and glasses with Gemini at the core. Search AI is driving an expansionary moment for Search. As people learn what they can do with our new AI experiences, they are increasingly coming back to Search more. Search and its AI experiences are built to highlight the web, sending billions of clicks to sites every day. During the Q2 call we shared that overall queries and commercial queries continued to grow year over year. This growth rate increased in Q3, largely driven by our AI investments in Search, most notably AI Overviews and AI Mode. Let me dive into the momentum we are seeing. As we've shared before, AI Overviews drive meaningful query growth. This effect was even stronger in Q3, as users continue to learn that Google can answer more of their questions. And it’s particularly encouraging to see the effect was more pronounced with younger people. We are also seeing that AI Mode is resonating well with users. In the U.S., we've seen strong and consistent week-over-week growth in usage since launch and queries doubled over the quarter. Over the last quarter, we rolled out AI Mode globally across 40 languages in record time. It now has over 75 million daily active users. And we shipped over 100 improvements to the product in Q3 — an incredibly fast pace. Most importantly, AI Mode is already driving incremental total query growth for Search. Google Cloud Our complete enterprise AI product portfolio is accelerating growth in revenue, operating margins and backlog. In Q3, customer demand strengthened in three ways: One, we are signing new customers faster. The number of new GCP customers increased by nearly 34% year over year. Two, we are signing larger deals: We have signed more deals over $1 billion through Q3 this year than we did in the previous two years combined. Three, we are deepening our relationships: Over 70% of existing Google Cloud customers use our AI products, including Banco BV, Best Buy and FairPrice Group. As we scale, we are diversifying revenue: Today, 13 product lines are each at an annual run rate over $1 billion. And we are improving operating margin with highly differentiated products built with our own technology. This deep product differentiation starts with our AI infrastructure. We have a decade of experience building AI accelerators and today offer the widest array of chips. This leadership is winning customers like HCA Healthcare, LG AI Research and Macquarie Bank, and it’s why nine of the top 10 AI labs choose Google Cloud. We are also the only Cloud provider offering our own leading generative AI models, including Gemini, Imagen, Veo, Chirp and Lyria. Adoption is rapidly accelerating. In Q3, revenue from products built on our generative AI models grew more than 200% year-over-year. Over the past 12 months, nearly 150 Google Cloud customers each processed approximately 1 trillion tokens with our models for a wide range of applications. For example, WPP is creating campaigns with up to 70% efficiency gains, and Swarovski has increased email open rates by 17% and accelerated campaign localization by 10 times. Earlier this month, we launched Gemini Enterprise, the new front door for AI in the workplace, and we’re seeing strong adoption for agents built on this platform. Our packaged enterprise agents in Gemini Enterprise are optimized for a variety of domains, are highly differentiated, and offer significant out-of-box value to customers. We have already crossed 2 million subscribers across 700 companies. YouTube In the living room, YouTube has remained number one in streaming watch time in the U.S. for more than two years, according to Nielsen. Last month marked YouTube’s first time as a live NFL broadcaster. This exclusive global broadcast, live from Brazil, drew more than 19 million fans, and set a new record for most concurrent viewers of a live stream on YouTube. YouTube Shorts also continues to perform well. In the U.S., Shorts now earn more revenue per watch hour than traditional in-stream on YouTube. At our Made on YouTube event, we rolled out a number of AI-powered features that are helping creators supercharge creation and build their businesses. AI is now streamlining the entire content creation workflow, from generative video tools and more efficient editing, to AI-powered insights that help creators optimize their channels. We're also using AI to expand monetization, automatically identifying products to make their videos more shoppable. Waymo Next year, Waymo aims to open service in London, and they're working to bring service to Tokyo. They have also announced expansions to Dallas, Nashville, Denver and Seattle, and secured permission to operate fully autonomously at San Jose and San Francisco airports. Autonomous testing continues to scale in New York City. The new Waymo for Business allows enterprises to offer Waymo as a work travel option. And we launched Waymo Teens accounts in Phoenix this summer. We're pleased to see usage steadily increase, with positive feedback from teens and their parents alike. Waymo's growth and momentum are strong, and 2026 is shaping up to be an exciting year. Overall, a milestone quarter. The incredible work of our teams is driving momentum across the board, and our leadership in AI positions us so well for the opportunity ahead. I want to thank all of our partners and our employees for their hard work and an excellent Q3. Posted in: A message from our CEO Alphabet Related stories Gemini App Waymo is bringing Gemini into its custom Ojai vehicles. A message from our CEO The next chapter of our AI momentum Today, Google and Alphabet CEO Sundar Pichai shared some changes with Google DeepMind teams. By Sundar Pichai & Demis Hassabis A message from our CEO Q2 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Read an edited transcript of Sundar Pichai’s remarks from the Q2 2026 Alphabet earnings call. By Sundar Pichai A message from our CEO Read Sundar Pichai’s 2026 commencement address at Stanford University By Sundar Pichai Alphabet Alphabet investor presentation: June 2026 A message from our CEO Q1 2026 earnings call: Remarks from our CEO Read Sundar Pichai’s remarks during the Alphabet earnings call for Q1 2026. By Sundar Pichai Privacy Terms Help More of Google Google Products About the Blog Global (English) Africa (English) Australia (English) Brasil (Português) Canada (English) Canada (Français) Česko (Čeština) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (Español) France (Français) Greece (Ελληνικά) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (Italiano) 日本 (日本語) 대한민국 (한국어) Latinoamérica (Español) Malaysia (Melayu) الشرق الأوسط وشمال أفريقيا (اللغة العربية) MENA (English) Nederlands (Nederland) New Zealand (English) Polska (Polski) Portugal (Português) România (Română) Sverige (Svenska) ประเทศไทย (ไทย) Türkiye (Türkçe) 台灣 (中文) 